The rms average is zero point one two four one. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero seven. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point one nine four. The kurtosis average is thirty-one point six seven nine eight. The kurtosis standard deviation is forty-two point one two nine four. The peak average is one point three seven two four. The peak standard deviation is one point three one two seven. The rotational speed is six hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Inner Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point one five nine one. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero six one six. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point two two zero seven. The kurtosis average is seventy-nine point six nine two three. The kurtosis standard deviation is sixty-six point seven six three three. The peak average is two point two four five one. The peak standard deviation is one point one one seven nine. The rotational speed is six hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Inner Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point one one nine three. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero six four six. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point one eight three nine. The kurtosis average is fifty-seven point one two three nine. The kurtosis standard deviation is fifty-nine point zero five seven. The peak average is one point five nine nine one. The peak standard deviation is one point zero zero one one. The rotational speed is six hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Inner Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point one three five eight. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero nine four four. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point two three zero two. The kurtosis average is thirty-six point eight two two one. The kurtosis standard deviation is fifty point five one. The peak average is one point three six nine eight. The peak standard deviation is one point two five zero nine. The rotational speed is six hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Inner Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point one four three three. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero eight two one. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point two two five four. The kurtosis average is thirty-five point two six two one. The kurtosis standard deviation is thirty-six point three six six seven. The peak average is one point five three nine seven. The peak standard deviation is one point zero seven seven. The rotational speed is six hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Inner Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point one two three nine. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero seven seven one. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point two zero one. The kurtosis average is forty-five point zero two three seven. The kurtosis standard deviation is forty-six point five seven three six. The peak average is one point five zero three nine. The peak standard deviation is zero point nine seven nine four. The rotational speed is six hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Inner Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point one two three nine. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero eight three six. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point two zero seven six. The kurtosis average is forty-nine point nine four nine five. The kurtosis standard deviation is eighty-three point three eight one seven. The peak average is one point three six. The peak standard deviation is one point one seven nine three. The rotational speed is six hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Inner Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point one three six four. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero seven two six. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point two zero nine. The kurtosis average is forty-four point six seven eight six. The kurtosis standard deviation is forty-one point four three one nine. The peak average is one point five five two one. The peak standard deviation is one point one three eight one. The rotational speed is six hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Inner Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point one zero six nine. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero five zero four. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point one five seven three. The kurtosis average is fifty-six point zero one six six. The kurtosis standard deviation is eighty-five point eight zero four eight. The peak average is one point two four nine seven. The peak standard deviation is one point two four three three. The rotational speed is six hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Inner Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point one five seven. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero eight eight one. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point two four five one. The kurtosis average is sixty-one point three four one eight. The kurtosis standard deviation is seventy-one point one two four four. The peak average is one point eight three four five. The peak standard deviation is one point two five three five. The rotational speed is six hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Inner Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point zero nine five six. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero three two eight. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point one two eight four. The kurtosis average is forty-seven point six one seven five. The kurtosis standard deviation is sixty-five point six two five nine. The peak average is one point zero nine nine three. The peak standard deviation is one point one four zero six. The rotational speed is six hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Inner Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point one six two eight. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero nine three two. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point two five six. The kurtosis average is forty point nine four two one. The kurtosis standard deviation is thirty-five point one nine. The peak average is one point seven four one three. The peak standard deviation is one point one four seven one. The rotational speed is six hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Inner Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point zero nine six. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero two nine. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point one two four nine. The kurtosis average is fifty-two point nine six four six. The kurtosis standard deviation is seventy-two point three one nine five. The peak average is one point two six one. The peak standard deviation is one point two nine seven. The rotational speed is six hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Inner Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point one three five nine. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero six five. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point two zero zero nine. The kurtosis average is sixty-five point four three nine seven. The kurtosis standard deviation is fifty-eight point six four three five. The peak average is one point eight three nine one. The peak standard deviation is zero point nine nine one six. The rotational speed is six hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Inner Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point one zero four three. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero four one six. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point one four five eight. The kurtosis average is fifty-two point nine nine nine five. The kurtosis standard deviation is seventy-five point three one nine six. The peak average is one point three one six six. The peak standard deviation is one point two five four eight. The rotational speed is six hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Inner Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point one two nine five. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero six eight nine. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point one nine eight four. The kurtosis average is sixty-six point eight six six six. The kurtosis standard deviation is sixty-five point three three three. The peak average is one point seven six nine one. The peak standard deviation is one point two two one. The rotational speed is six hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Inner Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point one one three. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero five nine two. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point one seven two two. The kurtosis average is thirty-eight point seven six six. The kurtosis standard deviation is forty-nine point four one one. The peak average is one point three eight three eight. The peak standard deviation is one point zero six eight four. The rotational speed is six hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Inner Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point one five seven six. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero seven nine six. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point two three seven two. The kurtosis average is forty-three point six five seven nine. The kurtosis standard deviation is thirty-eight point zero zero one one. The peak average is one point eight nine nine six. The peak standard deviation is one point two five eight six. The rotational speed is six hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Inner Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point one two eight one. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero six eight eight. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point one nine six nine. The kurtosis average is thirty-five point three five zero one. The kurtosis standard deviation is forty-five point three two eight two. The peak average is one point four three zero six. The peak standard deviation is one point two four five five. The rotational speed is six hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Inner Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point one two three six. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero five eight one. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point one eight one seven. The kurtosis average is ninety-two point zero nine nine seven. The kurtosis standard deviation is ninety-three point four three two six. The peak average is one point seven four two three. The peak standard deviation is one point two one six eight. The rotational speed is six hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Inner Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point one zero one eight. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero four zero seven. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point one four two five. The kurtosis average is forty-two point zero two six seven. The kurtosis standard deviation is fifty-eight point eight seven three two. The peak average is one point two four zero eight. The peak standard deviation is zero point nine nine three. The rotational speed is six hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Inner Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point one two zero eight. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero four nine five. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point one seven zero four. The kurtosis average is eighty point six zero one eight. The kurtosis standard deviation is seventy-four point eight zero four seven. The peak average is one point eight three one seven. The peak standard deviation is one point two one six four. The rotational speed is six hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Inner Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point one four five three. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero nine eight seven. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point two four four. The kurtosis average is twenty-six point two five five four. The kurtosis standard deviation is thirty-six point nine seven zero five. The peak average is one point three one three one. The peak standard deviation is one point three one five. The rotational speed is six hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Inner Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point one seven five six. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero nine four one. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point two six nine six. The kurtosis average is forty-two point four nine two three. The kurtosis standard deviation is thirty-one point seven eight zero four. The peak average is one point nine three seven four. The peak standard deviation is one point one three four three. The rotational speed is six hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Inner Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point one three five five. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero eight five one. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point two two zero five. The kurtosis average is twenty-four point three seven eight seven. The kurtosis standard deviation is thirty-two point nine five three eight. The peak average is one point two four eight seven. The peak standard deviation is one point two nine seven. The rotational speed is six hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Inner Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point one three eight eight. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero seven eight nine. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point two one seven six. The kurtosis average is sixty-six point four nine seven nine. The kurtosis standard deviation is sixty-eight point six three four two. The peak average is one point six nine one five. The peak standard deviation is one point one nine nine seven. The rotational speed is six hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Inner Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point one zero eight six. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero five four six. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point one six three two. The kurtosis average is thirty-nine point two six nine four. The kurtosis standard deviation is forty-nine point zero four seven eight. The peak average is one point three zero zero three. The peak standard deviation is one point zero one four five. The rotational speed is six hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Inner Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point one one zero seven. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero three six nine. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point one four seven six. The kurtosis average is sixty-seven point one five six five. The kurtosis standard deviation is seventy point zero nine zero nine. The peak average is one point five one nine two. The peak standard deviation is one point zero seven two nine. The rotational speed is six hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Inner Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point one four two five. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero seven two four. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point two one four nine. The kurtosis average is fifty-one point zero two zero one. The kurtosis standard deviation is forty-five point six five one nine. The peak average is one point seven zero nine four. The peak standard deviation is one point one six six nine. The rotational speed is six hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Inner Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point one eight two seven. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero nine eight eight. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point two eight one five. The kurtosis average is thirty-eight point nine zero two eight. The kurtosis standard deviation is thirty-seven point four seven seven three. The peak average is one point eight six seven two. The peak standard deviation is one point four zero five six. The rotational speed is six hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Inner Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point one zero four two. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero three nine three. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point one four three five. The kurtosis average is forty-eight point two three four seven. The kurtosis standard deviation is sixty-seven point five nine seven four. The peak average is one point two seven one two. The peak standard deviation is one point one seven seven. The rotational speed is six hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Inner Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point one two seven three. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero seven one four. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point one nine eight eight. The kurtosis average is thirty-seven point one one seven. The kurtosis standard deviation is thirty-four point seven two eight two. The peak average is one point four eight two seven. The peak standard deviation is one point one five zero seven. The rotational speed is six hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Inner Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point one two three six. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero seven three four. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point one nine seven. The kurtosis average is forty-three point eight eight zero four. The kurtosis standard deviation is sixty-six point eight eight seven five. The peak average is one point three three nine four. The peak standard deviation is one point three three eight nine. The rotational speed is six hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Inner Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point one three seven seven. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero six two three. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point two. The kurtosis average is forty-nine point three three two six. The kurtosis standard deviation is forty-one point five four three nine. The peak average is one point seven five four two. The peak standard deviation is zero point nine three eight nine. The rotational speed is six hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Inner Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point one one four three. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero four three three. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point one five seven six. The kurtosis average is thirty-six point five six zero four. The kurtosis standard deviation is thirty-four point eight zero eight two. The peak average is one point three nine zero one. The peak standard deviation is one point zero three nine three. The rotational speed is six hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Inner Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point one one nine. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero four six nine. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point one six five nine. The kurtosis average is eighty-three point zero seven four five. The kurtosis standard deviation is eighty point nine one nine four. The peak average is one point eight zero zero seven. The peak standard deviation is one point one five three three. The rotational speed is six hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Inner Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point one three one three. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero nine four two. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point two two five four. The kurtosis average is forty-two point four two zero three. The kurtosis standard deviation is fifty-three point nine three eight nine. The peak average is one point four one zero six. The peak standard deviation is one point one one nine seven. The rotational speed is six hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Inner Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point one five six eight. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero eight nine eight. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point two four six six. The kurtosis average is sixty-six point nine five two nine. The kurtosis standard deviation is eighty-four point four six two four. The peak average is one point seven eight six one. The peak standard deviation is one point one three two five. The rotational speed is six hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Inner Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point one one seven five. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero seven two seven. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point one nine zero one. The kurtosis average is thirty-three point two three eight eight. The kurtosis standard deviation is forty-five point zero eight seven eight. The peak average is one point two eight eight one. The peak standard deviation is one point two four six three. The rotational speed is six hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Inner Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point one eight eight five. The rms standard deviation is zero point one one two one. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point three zero zero six. The kurtosis average is fifty-one point two two nine six. The kurtosis standard deviation is forty-one point two three one five. The peak average is two point one two six one. The peak standard deviation is zero point eight eight four four. The rotational speed is six hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Inner Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point three one two five. The rms standard deviation is zero point one seven zero eight. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point four eight three three. The kurtosis average is ninety-four point one three four six. The kurtosis standard deviation is forty-three point six four nine five. The peak average is four point six five six eight. The peak standard deviation is one point nine eight zero five. The rotational speed is eight hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Inner Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point three three six seven. The rms standard deviation is zero point one six three six. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point five zero zero three. The kurtosis average is one hundred and seven point nine nine six two. The kurtosis standard deviation is thirty-eight point zero eight four four. The peak average is five point three nine nine seven. The peak standard deviation is one point five nine one six. The rotational speed is eight hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Inner Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point three two eight six. The rms standard deviation is zero point one five one one. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point four seven nine six. The kurtosis average is ninety-one point nine six five one. The kurtosis standard deviation is sixty-one point zero five two seven. The peak average is five point one three four four. The peak standard deviation is two point four five seven one. The rotational speed is eight hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Inner Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point two eight four nine. The rms standard deviation is zero point one two five seven. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point four one zero six. The kurtosis average is one hundred and fourteen point seven three six four. The kurtosis standard deviation is one hundred and one point one two five one. The peak average is four point seven nine five. The peak standard deviation is two point eight two four. The rotational speed is eight hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Inner Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point two seven six one. The rms standard deviation is zero point one seven three nine. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point four five. The kurtosis average is seventy-five point two zero five one. The kurtosis standard deviation is sixty-three point four four two one. The peak average is four point zero one one eight. The peak standard deviation is two point four nine zero seven. The rotational speed is eight hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Inner Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point one six eight seven. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero three seven seven. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point two zero six four. The kurtosis average is seventy-eight point nine six two eight. The kurtosis standard deviation is ninety-nine point zero three two two. The peak average is two point eight two. The peak standard deviation is two point one one two four. The rotational speed is eight hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Inner Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point three four one six. The rms standard deviation is zero point one one two seven. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point four five four three. The kurtosis average is ninety-nine point seven zero four one. The kurtosis standard deviation is forty-five point two four zero three. The peak average is five point three eight seven eight. The peak standard deviation is two point zero zero two. The rotational speed is eight hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Inner Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point three seven five three. The rms standard deviation is zero point one seven zero seven. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point five four six. The kurtosis average is seventy-nine point eight four zero seven. The kurtosis standard deviation is thirty-eight point six zero one nine. The peak average is five point two four six three. The peak standard deviation is two point one six seven six. The rotational speed is eight hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Inner Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point three zero five seven. The rms standard deviation is zero point one one six eight. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point four two two five. The kurtosis average is one hundred and thirty-three point six six six nine. The kurtosis standard deviation is eighty-six point nine seven five six. The peak average is five point four zero one four. The peak standard deviation is two point one nine three five. The rotational speed is eight hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Inner Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point four zero five nine. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero eight three nine. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point four eight nine eight. The kurtosis average is ninety-seven point nine eight five six. The kurtosis standard deviation is twenty-four point six eight eight three. The peak average is six point one nine nine four. The peak standard deviation is zero point eight seven three eight. The rotational speed is eight hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Inner Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point two four nine. The rms standard deviation is zero point one zero zero eight. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point three four nine eight. The kurtosis average is one hundred and fourteen point zero zero eight three. The kurtosis standard deviation is one hundred and seven point seven one seven four. The peak average is four point three eight seven six. The peak standard deviation is two point one four two one. The rotational speed is eight hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Inner Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point two nine three seven. The rms standard deviation is zero point one two five four. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point four one nine one. The kurtosis average is eighty-eight point one six nine one. The kurtosis standard deviation is forty-one point five three zero two. The peak average is four point seven five two three. The peak standard deviation is two point zero two nine two. The rotational speed is eight hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Inner Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point three one two two. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero nine one six. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point four zero three eight. The kurtosis average is one hundred and five point eight two six five. The kurtosis standard deviation is thirty-two point four four nine five. The peak average is five point three one five nine. The peak standard deviation is one point four zero two eight. The rotational speed is eight hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Inner Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point three zero eight eight. The rms standard deviation is zero point one four zero eight. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point four four nine six. The kurtosis average is eighty-eight point eight two six one. The kurtosis standard deviation is forty-two point three eight seven three. The peak average is four point seven six four three. The peak standard deviation is two point zero one seven five. The rotational speed is eight hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Inner Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point two zero four one. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero six nine eight. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point two seven four. The kurtosis average is one hundred and two point four five four three. The kurtosis standard deviation is ninety-six point seven six three. The peak average is three point five four six six. The peak standard deviation is two point one one five five. The rotational speed is eight hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Inner Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point four one zero nine. The rms standard deviation is zero point one four six eight. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point five five seven seven. The kurtosis average is one hundred and sixteen point seven one five one. The kurtosis standard deviation is fifty point four two five six. The peak average is six point two six two three. The peak standard deviation is one point two four four one. The rotational speed is eight hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Inner Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point three five eight seven. The rms standard deviation is zero point two two four nine. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point five eight three six. The kurtosis average is seventy-four point four seven five six. The kurtosis standard deviation is fifty-six point six zero six seven. The peak average is four point eight four three one. The peak standard deviation is three point zero one seven five. The rotational speed is eight hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Inner Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point two nine eight five. The rms standard deviation is zero point one four nine five. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point four four eight. The kurtosis average is eighty-six point six six five four. The kurtosis standard deviation is sixty-nine point seven two eight eight. The peak average is four point seven six one seven. The peak standard deviation is two point six seven two four. The rotational speed is eight hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Inner Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point two four three eight. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero nine one seven. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point three three five four. The kurtosis average is one hundred and five point eight one nine two. The kurtosis standard deviation is fifty-five point three six nine one. The peak average is four point one five eight four. The peak standard deviation is one point four nine nine six. The rotational speed is eight hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Inner Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point three one five three. The rms standard deviation is zero point one four six one. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point four six one four. The kurtosis average is one hundred and twenty-four point four zero zero three. The kurtosis standard deviation is twenty-eight point six zero zero two. The peak average is five point one nine seven. The peak standard deviation is one point seven nine five four. The rotational speed is eight hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Inner Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point two six eight three. The rms standard deviation is zero point one three eight four. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point four zero six seven. The kurtosis average is sixty-seven point four four six nine. The kurtosis standard deviation is forty-seven point six three five five. The peak average is four point zero seven three five. The peak standard deviation is two point five one two five. The rotational speed is eight hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Inner Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point four two one three. The rms standard deviation is zero point two zero four seven. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point six two five nine. The kurtosis average is ninety-two point nine seven three seven. The kurtosis standard deviation is eighty-seven point two one eight. The peak average is five point six five seven one. The peak standard deviation is two point six zero four nine. The rotational speed is eight hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Inner Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point two eight eight eight. The rms standard deviation is zero point one four eight eight. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point four three seven six. The kurtosis average is fifty-nine point two eight one one. The kurtosis standard deviation is sixty-seven point three four seven one. The peak average is three point seven nine zero two. The peak standard deviation is two point eight one six five. The rotational speed is eight hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Inner Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point three three three six. The rms standard deviation is zero point one five six three. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point four eight nine nine. The kurtosis average is one hundred and seventeen point zero zero four two. The kurtosis standard deviation is seventy-six point nine six three nine. The peak average is five point two zero nine nine. The peak standard deviation is two point three five seven five. The rotational speed is eight hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Inner Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point three four six. The rms standard deviation is zero point one six seven. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point five one three. The kurtosis average is one hundred and twenty-two point two four three two. The kurtosis standard deviation is one hundred point nine three eight six. The peak average is five point three nine eight two. The peak standard deviation is two point four seven three seven. The rotational speed is eight hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Inner Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point three five two. The rms standard deviation is zero point one five five five. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point five zero seven five. The kurtosis average is seventy-nine point nine six zero eight. The kurtosis standard deviation is fifty point four seven five seven. The peak average is four point nine two five. The peak standard deviation is two point six four two one. The rotational speed is eight hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Inner Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point three two nine. The rms standard deviation is zero point one five zero five. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point four seven nine six. The kurtosis average is one hundred and ten point nine zero one six. The kurtosis standard deviation is seventy point eight one zero seven. The peak average is five point two eight two eight. The peak standard deviation is two point five nine five four. The rotational speed is eight hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Inner Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point three zero seven. The rms standard deviation is zero point one five nine six. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point four six six six. The kurtosis average is ninety-four point six seven zero six. The kurtosis standard deviation is seventy-six point six one two five. The peak average is four point six eight one five. The peak standard deviation is two point six three zero three. The rotational speed is eight hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Inner Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point two six six five. The rms standard deviation is zero point one two five nine. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point three nine two four. The kurtosis average is ninety-six point two six four five. The kurtosis standard deviation is seventy-seven point three four nine three. The peak average is four point three zero zero three. The peak standard deviation is two point five eight two three. The rotational speed is eight hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Inner Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point two eight nine seven. The rms standard deviation is zero point one six eight one. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point four five seven eight. The kurtosis average is one hundred and one point seven eight four eight. The kurtosis standard deviation is sixty-two point four four eight eight. The peak average is four point five seven eight one. The peak standard deviation is two point four eight four seven. The rotational speed is eight hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Inner Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point two eight three five. The rms standard deviation is zero point one six four six. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point four four eight one. The kurtosis average is one hundred and one point six two seven five. The kurtosis standard deviation is ninety-six point three one five seven. The peak average is four point six four six three. The peak standard deviation is two point seven nine seven nine. The rotational speed is eight hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Inner Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point three one seven six. The rms standard deviation is zero point one two nine seven. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point four four seven two. The kurtosis average is eighty-five point one zero one five. The kurtosis standard deviation is sixty-two point one nine four five. The peak average is four point eight nine three five. The peak standard deviation is two point three three four one. The rotational speed is eight hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Inner Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point three zero two one. The rms standard deviation is zero point one eight four two. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point four eight six three. The kurtosis average is fifty-six point eight two two four. The kurtosis standard deviation is fifty-two point one four zero four. The peak average is four point zero one eight four. The peak standard deviation is two point eight four seven nine. The rotational speed is eight hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Inner Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point three five eight eight. The rms standard deviation is zero point one nine five two. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point five five four. The kurtosis average is ninety-two point six seven zero eight. The kurtosis standard deviation is sixty point zero eight four seven. The peak average is five point one one six three. The peak standard deviation is two point three two five six. The rotational speed is eight hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Inner Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point three nine five four. The rms standard deviation is zero point two three one three. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point six two six seven. The kurtosis average is seventy-three point six four one nine. The kurtosis standard deviation is twenty-eight point two two eight eight. The peak average is five point two five one four. The peak standard deviation is two point three eight nine four. The rotational speed is eight hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Inner Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point three five six three. The rms standard deviation is zero point one seven five four. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point five three one seven. The kurtosis average is eighty-six point seven one seven eight. The kurtosis standard deviation is nine point four three six five. The peak average is four point nine seven one four. The peak standard deviation is one point eight nine one nine. The rotational speed is eight hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Inner Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point two three one six. The rms standard deviation is zero point one six three three. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point three nine four nine. The kurtosis average is forty-nine point five six six seven. The kurtosis standard deviation is thirty-six point three four four eight. The peak average is three point zero zero one six. The peak standard deviation is two point two six seven eight. The rotational speed is eight hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Inner Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point three four nine one. The rms standard deviation is zero point one five eight two. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point five zero seven three. The kurtosis average is one hundred and five point zero four seven nine. The kurtosis standard deviation is sixty-one point nine nine eight seven. The peak average is five point three nine two eight. The peak standard deviation is two point zero eight three two. The rotational speed is eight hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Inner Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point three two eight five. The rms standard deviation is zero point one two nine nine. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point four five eight four. The kurtosis average is one hundred and eighteen point five six one eight. The kurtosis standard deviation is seventy-one point seven three four seven. The peak average is five point five three eight four. The peak standard deviation is two point five one zero four. The rotational speed is eight hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Inner Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point two nine six two. The rms standard deviation is zero point one nine nine eight. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point four nine six. The kurtosis average is sixty-four point seven two five three. The kurtosis standard deviation is thirty-nine point eight eight four three. The peak average is four point zero one eight five. The peak standard deviation is two point four zero three. The rotational speed is eight hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Inner Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point three one nine three. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero eight zero seven. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point four. The kurtosis average is ninety point one five seven four. The kurtosis standard deviation is forty-nine point two eight four seven. The peak average is five point zero eight seven three. The peak standard deviation is one point two seven zero four. The rotational speed is one thousand rpm. This sample belongs to the Inner Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point three nine seven seven. The rms standard deviation is zero point two zero three two. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point six zero zero nine. The kurtosis average is seventy-one point eight four six nine. The kurtosis standard deviation is sixty-three point four six eight nine. The peak average is five point one six seven five. The peak standard deviation is two point one zero seven nine. The rotational speed is one thousand rpm. This sample belongs to the Inner Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point four two four three. The rms standard deviation is zero point one seven eight two. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point six zero two six. The kurtosis average is seventy point one one seven four. The kurtosis standard deviation is forty-five point three seven one three. The peak average is five point five one two three. The peak standard deviation is two point five six six eight. The rotational speed is one thousand rpm. This sample belongs to the Inner Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point three seven three eight. The rms standard deviation is zero point one seven five two. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point five four nine one. The kurtosis average is eighty-six point five zero five two. The kurtosis standard deviation is twenty-one point eight five five five. The peak average is five point eight eight zero three. The peak standard deviation is one point two five three nine. The rotational speed is one thousand rpm. This sample belongs to the Inner Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point three zero three three. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero seven four six. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point three seven seven nine. The kurtosis average is eighty-five point eight three four nine. The kurtosis standard deviation is twenty-nine point seven eight two five. The peak average is five point one three six six. The peak standard deviation is one point three three eight eight. The rotational speed is one thousand rpm. This sample belongs to the Inner Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point two four five nine. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero five six two. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point three zero two one. The kurtosis average is forty-five point two two two. The kurtosis standard deviation is fifty point six eight three eight. The peak average is three point three two two one. The peak standard deviation is two point one two eight two. The rotational speed is one thousand rpm. This sample belongs to the Inner Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point three eight seven three. The rms standard deviation is zero point one five three three. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point five four zero five. The kurtosis average is sixty-three point one six two one. The kurtosis standard deviation is twenty-four point one zero one two. The peak average is five point one three four five. The peak standard deviation is one point five nine two three. The rotational speed is one thousand rpm. This sample belongs to the Inner Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point four zero two two. The rms standard deviation is zero point two zero two four. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point six zero four six. The kurtosis average is fifty-seven point zero one one. The kurtosis standard deviation is thirty-five point zero four five seven. The peak average is four point eight seven five three. The peak standard deviation is two point five two zero two. The rotational speed is one thousand rpm. This sample belongs to the Inner Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point three zero nine one. The rms standard deviation is zero point one three four eight. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point four four three eight. The kurtosis average is seventy-eight point six one seven nine. The kurtosis standard deviation is fifty-eight point eight seven five. The peak average is four point five eight five. The peak standard deviation is two point three two five eight. The rotational speed is one thousand rpm. This sample belongs to the Inner Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point four zero three three. The rms standard deviation is zero point one seven four nine. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point five seven eight one. The kurtosis average is seventy-nine point five two five eight. The kurtosis standard deviation is twenty-six point five zero nine seven. The peak average is five point nine three zero three. The peak standard deviation is one point four one eight six. The rotational speed is one thousand rpm. This sample belongs to the Inner Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point three six five eight. The rms standard deviation is zero point one zero three eight. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point four six nine six. The kurtosis average is one hundred and seven point four nine one nine. The kurtosis standard deviation is twenty-nine point eight nine five three. The peak average is six point zero zero nine four. The peak standard deviation is one point zero three two three. The rotational speed is one thousand rpm. This sample belongs to the Inner Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point three four zero seven. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero four eight eight. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point three eight nine six. The kurtosis average is one hundred and twelve point zero two two two. The kurtosis standard deviation is thirty-two point five nine nine eight. The peak average is six point one eight nine five. The peak standard deviation is zero point nine zero three six. The rotational speed is one thousand rpm. This sample belongs to the Inner Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point four four one nine. The rms standard deviation is zero point one two six seven. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point five six eight six. The kurtosis average is eighty-six point zero two eight. The kurtosis standard deviation is eighteen point five seven five six. The peak average is six point three one five eight. The peak standard deviation is zero point nine two nine two. The rotational speed is one thousand rpm. This sample belongs to the Inner Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point three five two three. The rms standard deviation is zero point one six six seven. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point five one nine. The kurtosis average is seventy-six point nine two zero four. The kurtosis standard deviation is fifty-one point eight three seven one. The peak average is five point zero eight eight two. The peak standard deviation is two point zero four four seven. The rotational speed is one thousand rpm. This sample belongs to the Inner Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point four three eight seven. The rms standard deviation is zero point one six three one. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point six zero one seven. The kurtosis average is eighty-four point one zero seven three. The kurtosis standard deviation is thirty-one point one one eight five. The peak average is six point one three seven three. The peak standard deviation is one point one zero three five. The rotational speed is one thousand rpm. This sample belongs to the Inner Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point four zero four one. The rms standard deviation is zero point one two six nine. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point five three one. The kurtosis average is one hundred and four point seven zero nine six. The kurtosis standard deviation is fifty-four point four eight four one. The peak average is six point two six three five. The peak standard deviation is one point five six five eight. The rotational speed is one thousand rpm. This sample belongs to the Inner Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point four zero six eight. The rms standard deviation is zero point one eight two five. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point five eight nine four. The kurtosis average is sixty-eight point six four three nine. The kurtosis standard deviation is thirty-seven point five one two eight. The peak average is five point two nine seven two. The peak standard deviation is one point six four three five. The rotational speed is one thousand rpm. This sample belongs to the Inner Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point two seven four three. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero three eight one. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point three one two four. The kurtosis average is seventy-nine point seven three two four. The kurtosis standard deviation is thirty-two point eight eight zero eight. The peak average is four point nine two two nine. The peak standard deviation is one point four four zero nine. The rotational speed is one thousand rpm. This sample belongs to the Inner Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point four zero seven. The rms standard deviation is zero point one seven one seven. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point five seven eight seven. The kurtosis average is eighty-seven point two five four five. The kurtosis standard deviation is twenty-six point two. The peak average is six point zero two zero two. The peak standard deviation is one point zero five six five. The rotational speed is one thousand rpm. This sample belongs to the Inner Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point three two eight nine. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero eight eight. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point four one six nine. The kurtosis average is eighty-three point eight five eight four. The kurtosis standard deviation is forty-seven point nine eight three nine. The peak average is five point four zero six two. The peak standard deviation is one point seven five eight three. The rotational speed is one thousand rpm. This sample belongs to the Inner Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point four six nine two. The rms standard deviation is zero point one four three nine. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point six one three two. The kurtosis average is eighty-four point four one nine one. The kurtosis standard deviation is thirty-six point two one five nine. The peak average is six point two seven four. The peak standard deviation is zero point nine three nine five. The rotational speed is one thousand rpm. This sample belongs to the Inner Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point three seven nine five. The rms standard deviation is zero point one six nine four. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point five four eight nine. The kurtosis average is eighty-three point one seven five five. The kurtosis standard deviation is thirty-four point four nine five. The peak average is five point seven two three three. The peak standard deviation is one point five nine four four. The rotational speed is one thousand rpm. This sample belongs to the Inner Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point three two three four. The rms standard deviation is zero point one two five nine. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point four four nine three. The kurtosis average is eighty-four point eight six six two. The kurtosis standard deviation is forty-four point nine four two. The peak average is five point two six eight three. The peak standard deviation is one point seven three seven five. The rotational speed is one thousand rpm. This sample belongs to the Inner Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point three three eight. The rms standard deviation is zero point one four three eight. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point four eight one eight. The kurtosis average is one hundred point three five two three. The kurtosis standard deviation is sixty-four point two six zero five. The peak average is five point two nine two seven. The peak standard deviation is one point eight eight one. The rotational speed is one thousand rpm. This sample belongs to the Inner Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point four eight one seven. The rms standard deviation is zero point one nine three nine. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point six seven five six. The kurtosis average is fifty-one point nine zero eight one. The kurtosis standard deviation is thirty point seven five two nine. The peak average is five point four eight zero two. The peak standard deviation is two point six zero three seven. The rotational speed is one thousand rpm. This sample belongs to the Inner Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point three three three five. The rms standard deviation is zero point one nine eight seven. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point five three two one. The kurtosis average is sixty point seven one nine eight. The kurtosis standard deviation is fifty-nine point nine one six four. The peak average is four point two seven two nine. The peak standard deviation is two point five eight. The rotational speed is one thousand rpm. This sample belongs to the Inner Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point three four zero three. The rms standard deviation is zero point one four six nine. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point four eight seven two. The kurtosis average is ninety-nine point nine four two eight. The kurtosis standard deviation is forty-nine point one eight two two. The peak average is five point seven eight four five. The peak standard deviation is one point three nine. The rotational speed is one thousand rpm. This sample belongs to the Inner Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point three zero eight five. The rms standard deviation is zero point one two four one. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point four three two seven. The kurtosis average is seventy-five point four three eight three. The kurtosis standard deviation is forty-nine point one zero three four. The peak average is four point seven five two six. The peak standard deviation is one point eight one three one. The rotational speed is one thousand rpm. This sample belongs to the Inner Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point three eight four nine. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero eight six two. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point four seven one two. The kurtosis average is sixty-nine point one five one two. The kurtosis standard deviation is eleven point six four eight one. The peak average is five point five two three four. The peak standard deviation is one point one three eight four. The rotational speed is one thousand rpm. This sample belongs to the Inner Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point three three five five. The rms standard deviation is zero point one four three nine. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point four seven nine five. The kurtosis average is ninety-four point one five four four. The kurtosis standard deviation is fifty-five point nine seven eight. The peak average is five point four nine three eight. The peak standard deviation is one point eight two six. The rotational speed is one thousand rpm. This sample belongs to the Inner Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point three one six four. The rms standard deviation is zero point one zero six seven. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point four two three one. The kurtosis average is ninety-four point zero zero six six. The kurtosis standard deviation is sixty-six point seven one one two. The peak average is five point zero nine five three. The peak standard deviation is two point one nine six one. The rotational speed is one thousand rpm. This sample belongs to the Inner Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point four one nine two. The rms standard deviation is zero point one three five five. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point five five four seven. The kurtosis average is sixty-eight point eight seven zero nine. The kurtosis standard deviation is thirty point zero three five four. The peak average is five point five three seven two. The peak standard deviation is one point seven nine seven six. The rotational speed is one thousand rpm. This sample belongs to the Inner Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point three eight five seven. The rms standard deviation is zero point one zero three six. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point four eight nine three. The kurtosis average is one hundred and seven point three two one five. The kurtosis standard deviation is thirty-four point zero eight two seven. The peak average is six point five five two two. The peak standard deviation is zero point four seven two seven. The rotational speed is one thousand rpm. This sample belongs to the Inner Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point three six one one. The rms standard deviation is zero point one six five six. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point five two six seven. The kurtosis average is fifty-four point zero four four seven. The kurtosis standard deviation is fourteen point six five two seven. The peak average is four point seven seven six five. The peak standard deviation is one point seven nine two five. The rotational speed is one thousand rpm. This sample belongs to the Inner Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point three eight two nine. The rms standard deviation is zero point one one two eight. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point four nine five seven. The kurtosis average is ninety-three point eight seven eight five. The kurtosis standard deviation is sixty-three point nine seven one two. The peak average is five point seven five one five. The peak standard deviation is one point six six four three. The rotational speed is one thousand rpm. This sample belongs to the Inner Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point three one five one. The rms standard deviation is zero point one one zero five. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point four two five five. The kurtosis average is eighty-eight point eight eight zero six. The kurtosis standard deviation is thirty point three seven eight one. The peak average is five point two eight nine six. The peak standard deviation is one point three six one eight. The rotational speed is one thousand rpm. This sample belongs to the Inner Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point three eight zero nine. The rms standard deviation is zero point one eight six six. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point five six seven six. The kurtosis average is eighty-four point zero zero two one. The kurtosis standard deviation is forty-one point eight two one four. The peak average is five point seven zero three three. The peak standard deviation is one point four seven nine nine. The rotational speed is one thousand rpm. This sample belongs to the Inner Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point two nine five seven. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero five nine one. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point three five four eight. The kurtosis average is eighty-four point two nine two seven. The kurtosis standard deviation is thirty-four point six seven three seven. The peak average is four point nine six two five. The peak standard deviation is one point one zero eight. The rotational speed is one thousand rpm. This sample belongs to the Inner Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point four zero zero five. The rms standard deviation is zero point one one six four. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point five one six nine. The kurtosis average is one hundred and twenty point six seven two one. The kurtosis standard deviation is fifty-seven point zero six five nine. The peak average is six point five four one seven. The peak standard deviation is zero point five five five seven. The rotational speed is one thousand rpm. This sample belongs to the Inner Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point three three zero seven. The rms standard deviation is zero point one six two seven. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point four nine three four. The kurtosis average is sixty-nine point three eight eight two. The kurtosis standard deviation is fifty-nine point six one three two. The peak average is four point five zero one eight. The peak standard deviation is two point five four zero five. The rotational speed is one thousand rpm. This sample belongs to the Inner Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point three three eight three. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero seven one three. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point four zero nine six. The kurtosis average is one hundred and fifty-seven point four five zero nine. The kurtosis standard deviation is one hundred and twenty-five point eight two four five. The peak average is six point six five two seven. The peak standard deviation is zero point six one one four. The rotational speed is six hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Outer Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point two six five seven. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero four zero six. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point three zero six three. The kurtosis average is one hundred and sixty-five point nine six six seven. The kurtosis standard deviation is seventy-eight point zero two nine four. The peak average is five point six one three four. The peak standard deviation is zero point eight six one two. The rotational speed is six hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Outer Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point three zero zero five. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero four three one. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point three four three six. The kurtosis average is one hundred and twenty-two point three two seven. The kurtosis standard deviation is thirty-four point eight four zero two. The peak average is five point eight four four two. The peak standard deviation is one point zero zero one two. The rotational speed is six hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Outer Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point two seven nine one. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero two six eight. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point three zero five nine. The kurtosis average is two hundred and thirty-three point three nine nine four. The kurtosis standard deviation is one hundred and thirteen point eight eight three. The peak average is six point five zero three one. The peak standard deviation is zero point seven seven six five. The rotational speed is six hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Outer Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point two nine three one. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero four seven one. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point three four zero one. The kurtosis average is one hundred and thirty-six point six two six four. The kurtosis standard deviation is sixty-seven point four three eight two. The peak average is five point four five zero nine. The peak standard deviation is zero point eight five nine four. The rotational speed is six hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Outer Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point two nine two six. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero four six. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point three three eight six. The kurtosis average is one hundred and ninety-nine point four six nine eight. The kurtosis standard deviation is one hundred and ten point six eight two. The peak average is six point five nine three five. The peak standard deviation is zero point six three. The rotational speed is six hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Outer Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point three one three seven. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero four three seven. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point three five seven three. The kurtosis average is one hundred and fourteen point six one nine two. The kurtosis standard deviation is twenty-eight point two one three two. The peak average is five point nine zero two. The peak standard deviation is zero point six four eight. The rotational speed is six hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Outer Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point two nine nine three. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero three four four. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point three three three seven. The kurtosis average is one hundred and sixty-two point one zero two. The kurtosis standard deviation is forty-nine point two three two eight. The peak average is six point two six zero seven. The peak standard deviation is zero point nine one two five. The rotational speed is six hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Outer Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point three zero four six. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero two six eight. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point three three one four. The kurtosis average is one hundred and seventy point one two seven five. The kurtosis standard deviation is forty-eight point two six one three. The peak average is six point four eight eight. The peak standard deviation is zero point five six zero nine. The rotational speed is six hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Outer Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point three one two three. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero two five eight. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point three three eight one. The kurtosis average is one hundred and forty-three point eight one two four. The kurtosis standard deviation is forty-two point three one zero three. The peak average is six point three seven zero eight. The peak standard deviation is zero point six nine four eight. The rotational speed is six hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Outer Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point three one two three. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero six four five. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point three seven six eight. The kurtosis average is one hundred and forty-eight point zero nine six. The kurtosis standard deviation is fifty-two point five eight one one. The peak average is six point three four zero seven. The peak standard deviation is one point zero one four six. The rotational speed is six hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Outer Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point three zero six. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero three zero three. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point three three six four. The kurtosis average is one hundred and sixty-two point seven one three nine. The kurtosis standard deviation is forty-four point four four seven. The peak average is six point six six seven four. The peak standard deviation is zero point seven four six six. The rotational speed is six hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Outer Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point two nine seven one. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero six two. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point three five nine one. The kurtosis average is one hundred and sixty-three point nine eight seven six. The kurtosis standard deviation is seventy point seven two five one. The peak average is six point two zero seven five. The peak standard deviation is one point zero two seven five. The rotational speed is six hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Outer Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point three five nine six. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero seven seven seven. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point four three seven three. The kurtosis average is one hundred and fourteen point three four eight nine. The kurtosis standard deviation is forty-two point nine nine seven nine. The peak average is six point three four five three. The peak standard deviation is zero point eight five zero seven. The rotational speed is six hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Outer Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point two nine three. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero four five eight. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point three three eight nine. The kurtosis average is one hundred and eighty-two point five zero zero five. The kurtosis standard deviation is one hundred and thirty-four point four seven four nine. The peak average is six point zero four four six. The peak standard deviation is one point four seven one. The rotational speed is six hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Outer Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point three zero nine. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero seven seven two. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point three eight six two. The kurtosis average is one hundred and thirty-seven point two one five five. The kurtosis standard deviation is forty-three point three seven four seven. The peak average is five point eight zero nine nine. The peak standard deviation is one point one seven six five. The rotational speed is six hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Outer Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point three zero seven four. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero five eight. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point three six five four. The kurtosis average is one hundred and ninety-five point one five nine five. The kurtosis standard deviation is one hundred and forty point two four five four. The peak average is six point four zero two eight. The peak standard deviation is zero point six three nine eight. The rotational speed is six hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Outer Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point three zero four five. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero six seven six. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point three seven two two. The kurtosis average is one hundred and forty-nine point zero seven four seven. The kurtosis standard deviation is eighty-two point four one two one. The peak average is six point two six eight two. The peak standard deviation is zero point seven five six three. The rotational speed is six hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Outer Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point two nine zero one. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero four zero two. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point three three zero two. The kurtosis average is one hundred and seventy-two point six seven three two. The kurtosis standard deviation is fifty point nine two six one. The peak average is six point one five five. The peak standard deviation is one point two two three seven. The rotational speed is six hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Outer Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point two nine four seven. The rms standard deviation is zero point one zero one. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point three nine five six. The kurtosis average is one hundred and thirty-eight point nine four four two. The kurtosis standard deviation is fifty-four point nine one one six. The peak average is five point eight one two eight. The peak standard deviation is two point two eight two four. The rotational speed is six hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Outer Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point two six eight two. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero three five eight. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point three zero four one. The kurtosis average is two hundred and thirty-five point four seven four seven. The kurtosis standard deviation is ninety point seven one one two. The peak average is six point three eight three five. The peak standard deviation is zero point seven zero six. The rotational speed is six hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Outer Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point three four three six. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero six one two. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point four zero four nine. The kurtosis average is one hundred and twelve point two five six two. The kurtosis standard deviation is sixty point five four three five. The peak average is six point one eight six five. The peak standard deviation is one point zero one seven. The rotational speed is six hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Outer Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point two six five four. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero four eight two. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point three one three six. The kurtosis average is two hundred and six point one seven nine seven. The kurtosis standard deviation is seventy-one point three five five. The peak average is five point nine four six. The peak standard deviation is zero point seven seven two two. The rotational speed is six hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Outer Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point three zero four. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero four four four. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point three four eight five. The kurtosis average is one hundred and fifty-nine point four one five seven. The kurtosis standard deviation is one hundred and seventeen point five nine nine eight. The peak average is five point nine one nine eight. The peak standard deviation is zero point seven three three seven. The rotational speed is six hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Outer Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point two nine seven nine. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero four six three. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point three four four two. The kurtosis average is one hundred and seventy point nine four nine nine. The kurtosis standard deviation is eighty-four point four two six four. The peak average is six point one five nine nine. The peak standard deviation is one point zero six eight one. The rotational speed is six hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Outer Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point two eight seven. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero seven eight one. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point three six five one. The kurtosis average is one hundred and ninety point three one seven seven. The kurtosis standard deviation is two hundred and twenty-six point seven four four four. The peak average is five point four one seven. The peak standard deviation is zero point eight seven seven eight. The rotational speed is six hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Outer Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point two seven zero nine. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero two six five. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point two nine seven five. The kurtosis average is one hundred and ninety-five point three one nine six. The kurtosis standard deviation is one hundred and forty point one one three four. The peak average is five point five six zero seven. The peak standard deviation is one point two three zero seven. The rotational speed is six hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Outer Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point three zero four. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero eight zero five. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point three eight four five. The kurtosis average is two hundred and eighteen point three nine eight seven. The kurtosis standard deviation is one hundred and sixty-two point zero nine six one. The peak average is six point seven seven four four. The peak standard deviation is zero point six eight three seven. The rotational speed is six hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Outer Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point three one zero nine. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero four nine. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point three six. The kurtosis average is one hundred and forty-eight point five four five six. The kurtosis standard deviation is eighty-nine point one three nine nine. The peak average is six point zero six six five. The peak standard deviation is one point zero one five nine. The rotational speed is six hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Outer Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point three one two six. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero four nine three. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point three six two. The kurtosis average is two hundred and two point seven three three eight. The kurtosis standard deviation is one hundred and sixty-six point four nine three three. The peak average is six point seven two eight three. The peak standard deviation is one point zero three seven two. The rotational speed is six hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Outer Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point three zero eight six. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero three four eight. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point three four three five. The kurtosis average is one hundred and sixteen point nine seven nine four. The kurtosis standard deviation is thirty point one nine six two. The peak average is five point eight seven one eight. The peak standard deviation is zero point six four nine two. The rotational speed is six hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Outer Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point two seven eight six. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero four nine two. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point three two seven seven. The kurtosis average is one hundred and eighty-eight point six three one one. The kurtosis standard deviation is forty-two point eight zero six eight. The peak average is six point zero two four nine. The peak standard deviation is zero point five nine nine five. The rotational speed is six hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Outer Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point two seven six seven. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero four zero eight. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point three one seven six. The kurtosis average is two hundred and twenty-three point four eight three four. The kurtosis standard deviation is one hundred and sixteen point seven nine four seven. The peak average is six point five seven three one. The peak standard deviation is zero point nine zero eight five. The rotational speed is six hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Outer Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point three zero five eight. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero three five one. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point three four zero nine. The kurtosis average is one hundred and fifty-five point eight five eight one. The kurtosis standard deviation is seventy-six point four four eight three. The peak average is six point two three five two. The peak standard deviation is one point zero seven two nine. The rotational speed is six hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Outer Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point three zero eight two. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero one two five. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point three two zero seven. The kurtosis average is one hundred and thirty-five point eight two eight six. The kurtosis standard deviation is thirty-four point zero six two four. The peak average is six point two two six one. The peak standard deviation is zero point five six four seven. The rotational speed is six hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Outer Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point two eight six four. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero three nine two. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point three two five six. The kurtosis average is one hundred and ninety-six point three eight five eight. The kurtosis standard deviation is one hundred and twenty-nine point three seven zero eight. The peak average is six point three seven two four. The peak standard deviation is zero point seven three eight six. The rotational speed is six hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Outer Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point two seven eight three. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero four four three. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point three two two six. The kurtosis average is two hundred and fourteen point eight seven three six. The kurtosis standard deviation is forty-two point seven zero five eight. The peak average is six point two six six seven. The peak standard deviation is zero point three eight five five. The rotational speed is six hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Outer Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point three zero three one. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero five eight five. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point three six one six. The kurtosis average is one hundred and ninety-six point one eight nine six. The kurtosis standard deviation is ninety-six point zero zero three one. The peak average is six point seven two three. The peak standard deviation is zero point eight zero eight. The rotational speed is six hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Outer Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point two nine four two. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero two five eight. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point three two zero one. The kurtosis average is one hundred and forty-four point one four one. The kurtosis standard deviation is thirty-five point eight three eight three. The peak average is five point eight nine one four. The peak standard deviation is one point zero three zero three. The rotational speed is six hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Outer Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point three one seven nine. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero three seven five. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point three five five four. The kurtosis average is one hundred and forty-four point six seven four nine. The kurtosis standard deviation is fifty-six point six five seven one. The peak average is six point two four six six. The peak standard deviation is zero point seven two eight. The rotational speed is six hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Outer Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point five seven eight. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero seven two one. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point six five. The kurtosis average is one hundred and one point two seven eight three. The kurtosis standard deviation is forty point three six six four. The peak average is ten point four four seven seven. The peak standard deviation is one point five six three seven. The rotational speed is eight hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Outer Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point five six two six. The rms standard deviation is zero point one seven one nine. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point seven three four five. The kurtosis average is one hundred and nineteen point six four six nine. The kurtosis standard deviation is thirty-eight point six eight four. The peak average is ten point three eight nine nine. The peak standard deviation is two point one three one nine. The rotational speed is eight hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Outer Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point five seven two seven. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero six seven one. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point six three nine nine. The kurtosis average is one hundred and fourteen point three one nine two. The kurtosis standard deviation is twenty-two point eight zero three seven. The peak average is ten point seven six one three. The peak standard deviation is one point eight one zero eight. The rotational speed is eight hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Outer Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point five zero eight nine. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero six four nine. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point five seven three eight. The kurtosis average is one hundred and sixty-one point four two two nine. The kurtosis standard deviation is fifty point two eight two. The peak average is ten point nine seven five nine. The peak standard deviation is two point five five nine five. The rotational speed is eight hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Outer Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point five three six six. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero six one five. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point five nine eight one. The kurtosis average is one hundred and fifty-nine point three two zero seven. The kurtosis standard deviation is forty-one point nine four eight. The peak average is eleven point three six four four. The peak standard deviation is two point four five nine seven. The rotational speed is eight hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Outer Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point six zero four eight. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero six one nine. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point six six six seven. The kurtosis average is one hundred and nineteen point eight seven eight five. The kurtosis standard deviation is thirty point eight four four one. The peak average is twelve point one seven five four. The peak standard deviation is zero point eight three two two. The rotational speed is eight hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Outer Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point five two one eight. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero five zero nine. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point five seven two six. The kurtosis average is one hundred and fifty-four point five zero nine six. The kurtosis standard deviation is forty-six point four eight four. The peak average is ten point five zero six. The peak standard deviation is one point three three five three. The rotational speed is eight hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Outer Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point five five eight one. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero seven seven six. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point six three five seven. The kurtosis average is one hundred and forty-nine point one nine one six. The kurtosis standard deviation is nineteen point seven seven six three. The peak average is eleven point two seven eight nine. The peak standard deviation is one point five four three four. The rotational speed is eight hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Outer Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point five three nine six. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero eight eight eight. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point six two eight four. The kurtosis average is one hundred and ninety-four point one three eight. The kurtosis standard deviation is sixty-four point three six one six. The peak average is twelve point three four six five. The peak standard deviation is one point four zero seven four. The rotational speed is eight hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Outer Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point five eight seven four. The rms standard deviation is zero point one two two four. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point seven zero nine eight. The kurtosis average is ninety-two point five eight nine seven. The kurtosis standard deviation is thirty-four point one two six one. The peak average is ten point four zero seven one. The peak standard deviation is one point two one six nine. The rotational speed is eight hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Outer Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point five eight nine four. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero seven two one. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point six six one five. The kurtosis average is one hundred and nine point six six zero seven. The kurtosis standard deviation is thirty point one nine six two. The peak average is eleven point two five six two. The peak standard deviation is one point seven seven eight three. The rotational speed is eight hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Outer Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point five eight five. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero eight zero eight. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point six six five eight. The kurtosis average is one hundred and twenty-one point four five four nine. The kurtosis standard deviation is fifty-one point nine nine six nine. The peak average is eleven point zero zero six eight. The peak standard deviation is zero point eight eight seven nine. The rotational speed is eight hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Outer Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point five three two four. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero six six one. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point five nine eight five. The kurtosis average is one hundred and twenty-two point zero eight zero nine. The kurtosis standard deviation is thirty-eight point one six nine one. The peak average is nine point nine one six three. The peak standard deviation is two point one nine zero one. The rotational speed is eight hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Outer Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point five six seven. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero five one six. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point six one eight six. The kurtosis average is one hundred and three point one five four two. The kurtosis standard deviation is twenty-nine point six four nine one. The peak average is ten point four seven four six. The peak standard deviation is two point eight six seven nine. The rotational speed is eight hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Outer Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point six eight five. The rms standard deviation is zero point one four four four. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point eight two nine four. The kurtosis average is eighty-seven point four eight nine five. The kurtosis standard deviation is forty point eight three zero three. The peak average is ten point seven six three nine. The peak standard deviation is one point three six five eight. The rotational speed is eight hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Outer Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point five five two two. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero eight four eight. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point six three seven. The kurtosis average is one hundred and thirteen point six six nine six. The kurtosis standard deviation is forty-three point eight three zero one. The peak average is nine point nine zero three. The peak standard deviation is two point five five five five. The rotational speed is eight hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Outer Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point six seven seven nine. The rms standard deviation is zero point one five four two. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point eight three two one. The kurtosis average is eighty-six point eight three two five. The kurtosis standard deviation is twenty-three point five seven five. The peak average is ten point nine four four five. The peak standard deviation is two point zero three seven six. The rotational speed is eight hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Outer Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point five one zero six. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero six two three. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point five seven two nine. The kurtosis average is one hundred and seventy-two point three six five two. The kurtosis standard deviation is eighty-two point one one seven. The peak average is ten point eight one six four. The peak standard deviation is one point seven five six seven. The rotational speed is eight hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Outer Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point five four two three. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero five seven three. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point five nine nine six. The kurtosis average is one hundred and forty-two point five nine seven nine. The kurtosis standard deviation is forty-one point one two three five. The peak average is eleven point two seven nine six. The peak standard deviation is one point four nine six. The rotational speed is eight hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Outer Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point five two two. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero five two five. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point five seven four five. The kurtosis average is one hundred and forty-seven point one six zero seven. The kurtosis standard deviation is sixty-eight point one seven seven eight. The peak average is ten point three eight five seven. The peak standard deviation is two point zero seven two five. The rotational speed is eight hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Outer Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point five five zero six. The rms standard deviation is zero point one three six eight. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point six eight seven four. The kurtosis average is one hundred and thirty-six point zero zero six five. The kurtosis standard deviation is thirty-seven point eight two one nine. The peak average is eleven point one six eight six. The peak standard deviation is two point six zero seven one. The rotational speed is eight hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Outer Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point five three two nine. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero four three three. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point five seven six two. The kurtosis average is one hundred and one point six nine one nine. The kurtosis standard deviation is twenty point five seven three five. The peak average is nine point two three seven four. The peak standard deviation is zero point seven eight zero three. The rotational speed is eight hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Outer Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point five three seven one. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero seven one one. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point six zero eight two. The kurtosis average is one hundred and twenty-eight point two nine six. The kurtosis standard deviation is fifty-two point three seven five one. The peak average is ten point seven five three three. The peak standard deviation is two point two five nine five. The rotational speed is eight hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Outer Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point six three two three. The rms standard deviation is zero point one one eight six. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point seven five zero nine. The kurtosis average is one hundred and three point six eight seven seven. The kurtosis standard deviation is thirty-five point zero three zero four. The peak average is eleven point two seven nine. The peak standard deviation is one point two eight one three. The rotational speed is eight hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Outer Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point five five seven. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero six six eight. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point six two three eight. The kurtosis average is one hundred and twenty-nine point one seven three seven. The kurtosis standard deviation is thirty-nine point four seven. The peak average is ten point two seven four four. The peak standard deviation is one point nine five seven. The rotational speed is eight hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Outer Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point five one five two. The rms standard deviation is zero point one one nine. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point six three four three. The kurtosis average is one hundred and eighty-six point two two zero three. The kurtosis standard deviation is one hundred and fourteen point four nine nine one. The peak average is eleven point zero zero five one. The peak standard deviation is two point four eight four one. The rotational speed is eight hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Outer Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point five two six one. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero five one eight. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point five seven seven nine. The kurtosis average is one hundred and twenty-one point four five three nine. The kurtosis standard deviation is thirty-two point four zero zero seven. The peak average is nine point five two one eight. The peak standard deviation is one point zero nine one. The rotational speed is eight hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Outer Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point six nine two nine. The rms standard deviation is zero point one six nine two. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point eight six two one. The kurtosis average is eighty-eight point five five. The kurtosis standard deviation is forty-seven point zero six three six. The peak average is eleven point two nine five nine. The peak standard deviation is one point eight nine nine. The rotational speed is eight hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Outer Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point five nine seven two. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero seven two three. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point six six nine five. The kurtosis average is eighty-five point five seven six nine. The kurtosis standard deviation is twenty-six point four three three nine. The peak average is ten point two zero eight two. The peak standard deviation is one point zero seven nine five. The rotational speed is eight hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Outer Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point five one seven eight. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero three seven eight. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point five five five six. The kurtosis average is one hundred and forty-six point zero seven seven. The kurtosis standard deviation is thirty point three three seven three. The peak average is ten point eight seven nine five. The peak standard deviation is one point seven six seven. The rotational speed is eight hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Outer Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point six five two seven. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero eight five six. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point seven three eight two. The kurtosis average is eighty-six point two seven one one. The kurtosis standard deviation is fourteen point eight eight nine eight. The peak average is eleven point four five one eight. The peak standard deviation is one point seven seven six. The rotational speed is eight hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Outer Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point five six one nine. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero nine six two. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point six five eight one. The kurtosis average is one hundred and eleven point one five nine one. The kurtosis standard deviation is twenty-eight point seven nine six one. The peak average is nine point nine one eight three. The peak standard deviation is two point four three eight nine. The rotational speed is eight hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Outer Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point six zero two eight. The rms standard deviation is zero point one one six four. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point seven one nine two. The kurtosis average is one hundred and two point one two one. The kurtosis standard deviation is twenty-four point zero seven four eight. The peak average is eleven point two nine six two. The peak standard deviation is two point three three two six. The rotational speed is eight hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Outer Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point five seven eight two. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero six seven nine. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point six four six one. The kurtosis average is ninety-nine point nine seven eight nine. The kurtosis standard deviation is thirty-six point eight six zero nine. The peak average is nine point nine seven four nine. The peak standard deviation is zero point seven six zero five. The rotational speed is eight hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Outer Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point five seven one. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero six three four. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point six three four four. The kurtosis average is one hundred and three point nine zero five three. The kurtosis standard deviation is twenty-six point five five nine seven. The peak average is ten point four two eight four. The peak standard deviation is zero point nine two five one. The rotational speed is eight hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Outer Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point five four two seven. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero five three eight. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point five nine six five. The kurtosis average is one hundred and thirty-five point one three four seven. The kurtosis standard deviation is forty-nine point three one one three. The peak average is ten point four one seven six. The peak standard deviation is one point six seven zero five. The rotational speed is eight hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Outer Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point five four three five. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero seven eight seven. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point six two two three. The kurtosis average is one hundred and forty point zero eight seven seven. The kurtosis standard deviation is thirty-seven point zero zero zero eight. The peak average is eleven point zero five zero three. The peak standard deviation is one point eight seven. The rotational speed is eight hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Outer Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point five seven three two. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero nine nine five. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point six seven two seven. The kurtosis average is one hundred and one point four seven eight nine. The kurtosis standard deviation is fifteen point seven one six two. The peak average is ten point zero five seven seven. The peak standard deviation is one point eight eight nine. The rotational speed is eight hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Outer Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point six seven zero nine. The rms standard deviation is zero point one two three two. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point seven nine four one. The kurtosis average is seventy-seven point four three four seven. The kurtosis standard deviation is twenty point seven three five three. The peak average is ten point five one zero seven. The peak standard deviation is one point nine one five nine. The rotational speed is eight hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Outer Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point six one seven six. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero eight. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point six nine seven five. The kurtosis average is one hundred and twenty-two point zero three one seven. The kurtosis standard deviation is forty-three point zero seven nine two. The peak average is twelve point three five zero one. The peak standard deviation is one point four two five seven. The rotational speed is eight hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Outer Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point six seven eight eight. The rms standard deviation is zero point one one zero nine. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point seven eight nine seven. The kurtosis average is one hundred and sixteen point three six nine five. The kurtosis standard deviation is forty-one point one three two six. The peak average is twelve point nine zero four five. The peak standard deviation is one point six zero nine nine. The rotational speed is one thousand rpm. This sample belongs to the Outer Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point six five zero one. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero five four three. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point seven zero four four. The kurtosis average is one hundred and twenty-eight point eight zero nine. The kurtosis standard deviation is twenty-five point one one two one. The peak average is twelve point one two nine seven. The peak standard deviation is zero point four zero eight. The rotational speed is one thousand rpm. This sample belongs to the Outer Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point six zero six nine. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero nine seven. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point seven zero three nine. The kurtosis average is one hundred and thirty-one point six zero six four. The kurtosis standard deviation is forty-two point nine seven two. The peak average is eleven point seven one three five. The peak standard deviation is one point eight four seven eight. The rotational speed is one thousand rpm. This sample belongs to the Outer Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point six nine three four. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero nine three three. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point seven eight six seven. The kurtosis average is ninety-three point three one eight eight. The kurtosis standard deviation is thirty point seven two nine seven. The peak average is twelve point one seven eight nine. The peak standard deviation is one point five seven two two. The rotational speed is one thousand rpm. This sample belongs to the Outer Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point six four one eight. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero four nine nine. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point six nine one eight. The kurtosis average is one hundred and thirty-five point nine two one seven. The kurtosis standard deviation is twenty-eight point nine four zero one. The peak average is twelve point four one nine one. The peak standard deviation is one point three two seven one. The rotational speed is one thousand rpm. This sample belongs to the Outer Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point six three eight. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero nine three one. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point seven three one one. The kurtosis average is one hundred and eight point one seven zero two. The kurtosis standard deviation is twenty-five point three six one nine. The peak average is eleven point five seven eight two. The peak standard deviation is two point one two six eight. The rotational speed is one thousand rpm. This sample belongs to the Outer Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point six four zero six. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero nine zero one. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point seven three zero seven. The kurtosis average is one hundred and thirty-eight point one five eight four. The kurtosis standard deviation is seventy-nine point seven four five one. The peak average is twelve point four one seven one. The peak standard deviation is two point three eight three seven. The rotational speed is one thousand rpm. This sample belongs to the Outer Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point seven one five five. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero nine five one. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point eight one zero five. The kurtosis average is ninety-one point two one two seven. The kurtosis standard deviation is thirty-seven point eight five four seven. The peak average is twelve point five two three three. The peak standard deviation is one point one seven one seven. The rotational speed is one thousand rpm. This sample belongs to the Outer Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point six six two one. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero eight seven one. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point seven four nine one. The kurtosis average is one hundred and thirty-three point two three one four. The kurtosis standard deviation is forty-two point three four six seven. The peak average is thirteen point one one six eight. The peak standard deviation is one point zero five nine six. The rotational speed is one thousand rpm. This sample belongs to the Outer Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point six six eight three. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero five two three. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point seven two zero seven. The kurtosis average is one hundred point eight nine two three. The kurtosis standard deviation is thirty-eight point three three nine nine. The peak average is twelve point zero two six. The peak standard deviation is one point eight two five five. The rotational speed is one thousand rpm. This sample belongs to the Outer Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point six two five three. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero six six eight. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point six nine two two. The kurtosis average is one hundred and fifty-one point zero five nine nine. The kurtosis standard deviation is thirty-one point seven eight two. The peak average is thirteen point zero seven nine two. The peak standard deviation is zero point three eight four three. The rotational speed is one thousand rpm. This sample belongs to the Outer Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point six three zero six. The rms standard deviation is zero point one two five seven. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point seven five six two. The kurtosis average is one hundred and sixteen point two two three six. The kurtosis standard deviation is thirty-four point zero zero nine eight. The peak average is eleven point six seven four two. The peak standard deviation is one point eight five two. The rotational speed is one thousand rpm. This sample belongs to the Outer Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point six one nine eight. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero seven nine seven. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point six nine nine five. The kurtosis average is one hundred and twenty point nine three three nine. The kurtosis standard deviation is thirty-three point four nine one seven. The peak average is twelve point two one eight three. The peak standard deviation is one point nine eight six eight. The rotational speed is one thousand rpm. This sample belongs to the Outer Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point six six one eight. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero nine eight two. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point seven six. The kurtosis average is one hundred and thirty point six seven eight nine. The kurtosis standard deviation is forty-nine point zero eight seven four. The peak average is thirteen point seven six one two. The peak standard deviation is zero point eight two zero seven. The rotational speed is one thousand rpm. This sample belongs to the Outer Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point seven four one. The rms standard deviation is zero point one four three two. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point eight eight four three. The kurtosis average is seventy-nine point six five nine four. The kurtosis standard deviation is twenty-three point four one three four. The peak average is ten point eight eight eight five. The peak standard deviation is one point nine eight four one. The rotational speed is one thousand rpm. This sample belongs to the Outer Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point six three four nine. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero five three. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point six eight seven eight. The kurtosis average is one hundred and nineteen point eight six nine nine. The kurtosis standard deviation is thirty-seven point zero three five one. The peak average is eleven point seven nine three two. The peak standard deviation is one point eight five eight eight. The rotational speed is one thousand rpm. This sample belongs to the Outer Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point six nine two nine. The rms standard deviation is zero point one nine three four. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point eight eight six three. The kurtosis average is seventy-six point six eight six five. The kurtosis standard deviation is seventeen point nine zero zero seven. The peak average is ten point five three four three. The peak standard deviation is two point five three three nine. The rotational speed is one thousand rpm. This sample belongs to the Outer Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point six five four one. The rms standard deviation is zero point one four eight. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point eight zero two. The kurtosis average is ninety-two point six zero two five. The kurtosis standard deviation is twenty-four point one four one two. The peak average is ten point nine zero eight one. The peak standard deviation is two point two one five four. The rotational speed is one thousand rpm. This sample belongs to the Outer Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point six seven zero five. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero nine nine one. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point seven six nine six. The kurtosis average is ninety-three point five six one nine. The kurtosis standard deviation is twenty-four point two two two six. The peak average is eleven point eight zero six four. The peak standard deviation is zero point eight two. The rotational speed is one thousand rpm. This sample belongs to the Outer Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point seven zero eight six. The rms standard deviation is zero point one four nine. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point eight five seven six. The kurtosis average is one hundred and seven point eight two one five. The kurtosis standard deviation is fifty-one point nine seven one five. The peak average is twelve point four one eight two. The peak standard deviation is one point seven five six three. The rotational speed is one thousand rpm. This sample belongs to the Outer Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point six zero five. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero nine seven two. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point seven zero two two. The kurtosis average is one hundred and twenty-eight point one seven nine two. The kurtosis standard deviation is thirty-eight point nine five nine seven. The peak average is eleven point eight two zero one. The peak standard deviation is one point nine two six nine. The rotational speed is one thousand rpm. This sample belongs to the Outer Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point seven four five two. The rms standard deviation is zero point one five two six. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point eight nine seven nine. The kurtosis average is ninety-one point seven five two eight. The kurtosis standard deviation is thirty-eight point zero six one five. The peak average is twelve point eight four five two. The peak standard deviation is one point two six six three. The rotational speed is one thousand rpm. This sample belongs to the Outer Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point six two two. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero nine two. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point seven one three nine. The kurtosis average is one hundred and fifteen point nine seven six two. The kurtosis standard deviation is forty-six point three two two. The peak average is ten point nine four four six. The peak standard deviation is one point seven four seven five. The rotational speed is one thousand rpm. This sample belongs to the Outer Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point six three eight eight. The rms standard deviation is zero point one one two seven. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point seven five one five. The kurtosis average is one hundred and seventeen point eight two seven one. The kurtosis standard deviation is fifteen point seven zero eight five. The peak average is twelve point five nine one four. The peak standard deviation is two point two eight two nine. The rotational speed is one thousand rpm. This sample belongs to the Outer Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point six eight zero two. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero five two five. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point seven three two seven. The kurtosis average is ninety-seven point eight two zero six. The kurtosis standard deviation is fifteen point one seven two four. The peak average is eleven point eight two three one. The peak standard deviation is one point four two six three. The rotational speed is one thousand rpm. This sample belongs to the Outer Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point six two five four. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero five seven five. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point six eight two eight. The kurtosis average is one hundred and forty-five point eight eight four nine. The kurtosis standard deviation is fifty-one point zero zero eight. The peak average is twelve point six six seven one. The peak standard deviation is one point one four one nine. The rotational speed is one thousand rpm. This sample belongs to the Outer Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point six one six. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero eight four three. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point seven zero zero three. The kurtosis average is one hundred and forty-seven point six two zero five. The kurtosis standard deviation is forty-nine point nine six two two. The peak average is twelve point eight six one nine. The peak standard deviation is zero point eight eight three two. The rotational speed is one thousand rpm. This sample belongs to the Outer Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point six three three nine. The rms standard deviation is zero point one two nine four. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point seven six three three. The kurtosis average is one hundred and thirteen point three seven eight seven. The kurtosis standard deviation is forty-three point three seven eight six. The peak average is eleven point one eight six eight. The peak standard deviation is one point nine six nine eight. The rotational speed is one thousand rpm. This sample belongs to the Outer Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point seven four four nine. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero eight six two. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point eight three one one. The kurtosis average is ninety-six point two one two seven. The kurtosis standard deviation is fifty-five point eight six two nine. The peak average is twelve point one eight two two. The peak standard deviation is one point two five four four. The rotational speed is one thousand rpm. This sample belongs to the Outer Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point seven three five one. The rms standard deviation is zero point one zero three eight. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point eight three eight nine. The kurtosis average is eighty-six point six nine seven seven. The kurtosis standard deviation is twenty-six point nine nine three one. The peak average is twelve point three two zero two. The peak standard deviation is one point seven one four nine. The rotational speed is one thousand rpm. This sample belongs to the Outer Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point seven seven two four. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero nine one six. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point eight six three nine. The kurtosis average is eighty-two point eight seven zero seven. The kurtosis standard deviation is seventeen point six five zero one. The peak average is twelve point eight nine three five. The peak standard deviation is zero point eight zero six three. The rotational speed is one thousand rpm. This sample belongs to the Outer Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point six six eight. The rms standard deviation is zero point one five two two. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point eight two zero two. The kurtosis average is one hundred and twenty point eight zero three four. The kurtosis standard deviation is fifty-six point six zero three five. The peak average is twelve point four eight one two. The peak standard deviation is one point one four three four. The rotational speed is one thousand rpm. This sample belongs to the Outer Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point five eight nine three. The rms standard deviation is zero point one one one four. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point seven zero zero seven. The kurtosis average is one hundred and thirty-three point eight three three seven. The kurtosis standard deviation is sixty point five four three two. The peak average is eleven point four three six four. The peak standard deviation is two point zero zero seven three. The rotational speed is one thousand rpm. This sample belongs to the Outer Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point six zero two. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero six four nine. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point six six six nine. The kurtosis average is one hundred and twenty point six eight eight six. The kurtosis standard deviation is thirty-two point four four four one. The peak average is eleven point seven three seven six. The peak standard deviation is zero point eight zero one seven. The rotational speed is one thousand rpm. This sample belongs to the Outer Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point six four two three. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero nine zero nine. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point seven three three three. The kurtosis average is one hundred and fifty point five one six two. The kurtosis standard deviation is seventy-eight point eight seven nine eight. The peak average is twelve point eight seven two eight. The peak standard deviation is zero point seven zero eight five. The rotational speed is one thousand rpm. This sample belongs to the Outer Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point seven four eight eight. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero four six eight. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point seven nine five six. The kurtosis average is eighty-four point one one seven three. The kurtosis standard deviation is twenty-one point one zero seven. The peak average is twelve point nine three nine five. The peak standard deviation is zero point eight four three four. The rotational speed is one thousand rpm. This sample belongs to the Outer Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point six three zero two. The rms standard deviation is zero point one three one six. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point seven six one nine. The kurtosis average is eighty-nine point three five six five. The kurtosis standard deviation is nineteen point nine six two three. The peak average is ten point six eight five seven. The peak standard deviation is one point six three one five. The rotational speed is one thousand rpm. This sample belongs to the Outer Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point six eight three one. The rms standard deviation is zero point one four six five. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point eight two nine six. The kurtosis average is one hundred and twenty-seven point one seven one seven. The kurtosis standard deviation is seventy-five point three four three. The peak average is thirteen point zero eight two seven. The peak standard deviation is zero point eight five eight six. The rotational speed is one thousand rpm. This sample belongs to the Outer Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point six three seven. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero six seven nine. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point seven zero four nine. The kurtosis average is one hundred and thirty-seven point eight zero one six. The kurtosis standard deviation is fifty-two point eight six one five. The peak average is twelve point three three two eight. The peak standard deviation is one point nine seven two four. The rotational speed is one thousand rpm. This sample belongs to the Outer Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point six five six three. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero four six one. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point seven zero two four. The kurtosis average is one hundred and eleven point four zero one two. The kurtosis standard deviation is nineteen point three six three two. The peak average is twelve point one nine one two. The peak standard deviation is one point six seven four two. The rotational speed is one thousand rpm. This sample belongs to the Outer Race Fault class.
The rms average is zero point one six. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero three one seven. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point one nine one seven. The kurtosis average is one hundred and fifty-nine point four seven seven seven. The kurtosis standard deviation is thirty-nine point one seven three one. The peak average is three point three six zero three. The peak standard deviation is zero point eight six seven eight. The rotational speed is six hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Ball Fault class.
The rms average is zero point one two eight six. The rms standard deviation is zero point one zero nine two. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point two three seven seven. The kurtosis average is ninety-one point seven one six six. The kurtosis standard deviation is sixty point nine one six eight. The peak average is two point three five eight nine. The peak standard deviation is two point four two eight eight. The rotational speed is six hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Ball Fault class.
The rms average is zero point one three seven six. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero nine zero one. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point two two seven seven. The kurtosis average is ninety-seven point three eight eight eight. The kurtosis standard deviation is one hundred and six point two nine seven eight. The peak average is two point five six zero one. The peak standard deviation is two point four three nine two. The rotational speed is six hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Ball Fault class.
The rms average is zero point one three eight two. The rms standard deviation is zero point one zero one five. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point two three nine seven. The kurtosis average is one hundred and three point seven zero five two. The kurtosis standard deviation is sixty-six point nine nine eight eight. The peak average is two point seven eight seven four. The peak standard deviation is two point four two four eight. The rotational speed is six hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Ball Fault class.
The rms average is zero point one six four five. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero nine eight six. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point two six three one. The kurtosis average is one hundred and twenty-seven point zero two four. The kurtosis standard deviation is ninety-one point three nine seven seven. The peak average is three point two three one two. The peak standard deviation is two point five three three three. The rotational speed is six hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Ball Fault class.
The rms average is zero point one nine three seven. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero nine three four. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point two eight seven one. The kurtosis average is one hundred and twenty-eight point four four three eight. The kurtosis standard deviation is seventy-six point four six seven eight. The peak average is three point eight eight four six. The peak standard deviation is two point four three eight three. The rotational speed is six hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Ball Fault class.
The rms average is zero point zero nine two two. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero four one. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point one three three two. The kurtosis average is seventy-nine point three four one three. The kurtosis standard deviation is seventy-four point zero seven four three. The peak average is one point four six four nine. The peak standard deviation is one point zero eight zero one. The rotational speed is six hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Ball Fault class.
The rms average is zero point one five three nine. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero nine four five. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point two four eight four. The kurtosis average is one hundred and nineteen point two four three. The kurtosis standard deviation is eighty-six point six six three four. The peak average is three point two seven three three. The peak standard deviation is two point five eight eight one. The rotational speed is six hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Ball Fault class.
The rms average is zero point two one nine seven. The rms standard deviation is zero point one three five one. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point three five four eight. The kurtosis average is one hundred point one two two nine. The kurtosis standard deviation is sixty-nine point zero five eight seven. The peak average is four point one two seven five. The peak standard deviation is three point one six two three. The rotational speed is six hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Ball Fault class.
The rms average is zero point one zero nine three. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero nine five two. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point two zero four five. The kurtosis average is sixty-two point three eight zero nine. The kurtosis standard deviation is sixty-nine point zero eight five eight. The peak average is one point eight five five nine. The peak standard deviation is two point three zero six eight. The rotational speed is six hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Ball Fault class.
The rms average is zero point one two nine eight. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero five eight two. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point one eight eight. The kurtosis average is one hundred and sixty point seven four four five. The kurtosis standard deviation is one hundred and ninety-three point seven three. The peak average is two point nine one one nine. The peak standard deviation is two point five eight eight five. The rotational speed is six hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Ball Fault class.
The rms average is zero point one eight nine two. The rms standard deviation is zero point one three one seven. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point three two zero nine. The kurtosis average is sixty-four point two five six three. The kurtosis standard deviation is thirty-nine point zero two six nine. The peak average is two point seven five two nine. The peak standard deviation is one point eight six four seven. The rotational speed is six hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Ball Fault class.
The rms average is zero point one three eight. The rms standard deviation is zero point one four two three. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point two eight zero three. The kurtosis average is fifty-five point five one six. The kurtosis standard deviation is fifty-one point one one zero six. The peak average is two point one two seven five. The peak standard deviation is two point eight two six six. The rotational speed is six hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Ball Fault class.
The rms average is zero point one five eight six. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero seven eight three. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point two three seven. The kurtosis average is one hundred and thirty-eight point six two five. The kurtosis standard deviation is eighty-three point three seven two two. The peak average is three point one nine five nine. The peak standard deviation is one point nine eight one nine. The rotational speed is six hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Ball Fault class.
The rms average is zero point one zero seven six. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero five five three. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point one six two nine. The kurtosis average is ninety-one point three five three one. The kurtosis standard deviation is seventy point zero nine eight two. The peak average is one point eight nine six three. The peak standard deviation is one point two zero three four. The rotational speed is six hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Ball Fault class.
The rms average is zero point zero nine three three. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero six five. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point one five eight three. The kurtosis average is seventy-four point eight three six four. The kurtosis standard deviation is seventy-one point eight two five nine. The peak average is one point six one one one. The peak standard deviation is one point five three eight seven. The rotational speed is six hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Ball Fault class.
The rms average is zero point one four zero six. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero five two seven. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point one nine three three. The kurtosis average is one hundred and thirty-six point nine four two five. The kurtosis standard deviation is eighty point six two five nine. The peak average is two point seven three seven nine. The peak standard deviation is one point one nine zero two. The rotational speed is six hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Ball Fault class.
The rms average is zero point one zero five six. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero eight seven five. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point one nine three one. The kurtosis average is fifty-eight point nine zero two three. The kurtosis standard deviation is sixty-nine point five three two eight. The peak average is one point seven zero zero six. The peak standard deviation is one point nine four three one. The rotational speed is six hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Ball Fault class.
The rms average is zero point one four seven one. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero two eight four. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point one seven five five. The kurtosis average is ninety-six point zero two zero eight. The kurtosis standard deviation is twenty-one point nine eight zero four. The peak average is two point five seven nine three. The peak standard deviation is zero point six one. The rotational speed is six hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Ball Fault class.
The rms average is zero point one zero zero seven. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero three four five. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point one three five two. The kurtosis average is eighty-six point three one eight nine. The kurtosis standard deviation is thirty-eight point nine three. The peak average is one point six nine two nine. The peak standard deviation is zero point six eight seven three. The rotational speed is six hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Ball Fault class.
The rms average is zero point one zero seven nine. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero five seven nine. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point one six five nine. The kurtosis average is one hundred and fifteen point nine three nine. The kurtosis standard deviation is one hundred and twenty-six point eight two eight four. The peak average is one point eight five six five. The peak standard deviation is one point two one nine five. The rotational speed is six hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Ball Fault class.
The rms average is zero point one eight two. The rms standard deviation is zero point one five four five. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point three three six five. The kurtosis average is one hundred and sixty-three point eight two zero five. The kurtosis standard deviation is one hundred and forty-two point five zero two seven. The peak average is three point three three one two. The peak standard deviation is two point four five five nine. The rotational speed is six hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Ball Fault class.
The rms average is zero point one one five seven. The rms standard deviation is zero point one two six. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point two four one seven. The kurtosis average is seventy point four five seven eight. The kurtosis standard deviation is eighty-four point one six five eight. The peak average is one point eight zero five. The peak standard deviation is two point five five three eight. The rotational speed is six hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Ball Fault class.
The rms average is zero point zero eight nine eight. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero two seven seven. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point one one seven five. The kurtosis average is ninety-four point five nine three four. The kurtosis standard deviation is one hundred and three point five eight zero one. The peak average is one point four two seven seven. The peak standard deviation is one point zero zero two four. The rotational speed is six hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Ball Fault class.
The rms average is zero point one one zero five. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero four seven five. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point one five eight. The kurtosis average is eighty-six point four zero eight nine. The kurtosis standard deviation is fifty-seven point four four eight four. The peak average is one point eight six six three. The peak standard deviation is one point one seven one five. The rotational speed is six hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Ball Fault class.
The rms average is zero point one zero six four. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero five two one. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point one five eight six. The kurtosis average is eighty-eight point seven one nine two. The kurtosis standard deviation is seventy-nine point seven eight one four. The peak average is one point eight nine three seven. The peak standard deviation is one point four six one three. The rotational speed is six hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Ball Fault class.
The rms average is zero point one two five seven. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero eight five seven. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point two one one four. The kurtosis average is one hundred and four point three nine one four. The kurtosis standard deviation is one hundred and thirty-six point zero zero one five. The peak average is two point one zero two one. The peak standard deviation is two point zero zero five three. The rotational speed is six hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Ball Fault class.
The rms average is zero point one four one seven. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero four nine three. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point one nine one. The kurtosis average is one hundred and seventy-eight point six eight four seven. The kurtosis standard deviation is one hundred and twenty-one point two nine three three. The peak average is three point zero seven three eight. The peak standard deviation is one point four nine nine two. The rotational speed is six hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Ball Fault class.
The rms average is zero point one six six seven. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero eight zero two. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point two four six nine. The kurtosis average is one hundred and forty point four one six five. The kurtosis standard deviation is eighty-seven point five eight seven three. The peak average is three point three nine five one. The peak standard deviation is two point one three seven three. The rotational speed is six hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Ball Fault class.
The rms average is zero point one nine three eight. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero four four three. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point two three eight one. The kurtosis average is ninety-one point seven three nine. The kurtosis standard deviation is thirty-one point seven zero zero six. The peak average is three point three six nine. The peak standard deviation is zero point eight zero zero nine. The rotational speed is six hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Ball Fault class.
The rms average is zero point zero nine nine five. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero six five nine. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point one six five four. The kurtosis average is seventy point four zero seven three. The kurtosis standard deviation is forty-four point eight four three one. The peak average is one point six four zero one. The peak standard deviation is one point two three seven four. The rotational speed is six hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Ball Fault class.
The rms average is zero point one zero seven two. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero six two five. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point one six nine seven. The kurtosis average is forty-eight point six five five one. The kurtosis standard deviation is twenty-six point two six three two. The peak average is one point six two seven nine. The peak standard deviation is one point one eight three two. The rotational speed is six hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Ball Fault class.
The rms average is zero point two one three. The rms standard deviation is zero point one zero two four. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point three one five three. The kurtosis average is one hundred and thirty-seven point zero zero two six. The kurtosis standard deviation is eighty-four point nine two seven four. The peak average is three point nine one six five. The peak standard deviation is one point nine three eight nine. The rotational speed is six hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Ball Fault class.
The rms average is zero point one four two six. The rms standard deviation is zero point one zero one five. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point two four four one. The kurtosis average is one hundred and twenty-four point three eight eight eight. The kurtosis standard deviation is one hundred and forty-four point one four two two. The peak average is two point eight two three three. The peak standard deviation is two point six four seven nine. The rotational speed is six hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Ball Fault class.
The rms average is zero point one six seven one. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero six seven nine. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point two three five one. The kurtosis average is one hundred and fifty-five point one three two one. The kurtosis standard deviation is eighty-eight point six eight seven six. The peak average is three point four seven zero three. The peak standard deviation is one point nine eight six nine. The rotational speed is six hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Ball Fault class.
The rms average is zero point zero nine three four. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero five four one. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point one four seven four. The kurtosis average is eighty-three point four three seven nine. The kurtosis standard deviation is sixty-three point one six eight two. The peak average is one point six four two four. The peak standard deviation is one point five six seven three. The rotational speed is six hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Ball Fault class.
The rms average is zero point one six zero three. The rms standard deviation is zero point one zero two six. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point two six two nine. The kurtosis average is ninety-one point four two zero six. The kurtosis standard deviation is ninety point one seven seven. The peak average is two point nine eight nine one. The peak standard deviation is two point five zero eight three. The rotational speed is six hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Ball Fault class.
The rms average is zero point one one six five. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero five two eight. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point one six nine three. The kurtosis average is one hundred and sixteen point two eight zero four. The kurtosis standard deviation is one hundred and eleven point six one one seven. The peak average is two point two zero nine six. The peak standard deviation is one point four seven nine five. The rotational speed is six hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Ball Fault class.
The rms average is zero point one one four four. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero three six eight. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point one five one two. The kurtosis average is one hundred and seventeen point two three eight. The kurtosis standard deviation is fifty-nine point six three one seven. The peak average is two point zero four three six. The peak standard deviation is zero point nine nine seven five. The rotational speed is six hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Ball Fault class.
The rms average is zero point one four one eight. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero nine two nine. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point two three four seven. The kurtosis average is one hundred and five point seven zero one three. The kurtosis standard deviation is eighty-three point zero one three two. The peak average is two point six five one. The peak standard deviation is two point four nine nine two. The rotational speed is six hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Ball Fault class.
The rms average is zero point two two seven four. The rms standard deviation is zero point one five seven two. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point three eight four seven. The kurtosis average is one hundred and twenty-nine point zero six zero seven. The kurtosis standard deviation is ninety-eight point seven four four seven. The peak average is four point one five zero one. The peak standard deviation is two point eight six five five. The rotational speed is eight hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Ball Fault class.
The rms average is zero point one nine three seven. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero five eight six. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point two five two three. The kurtosis average is one hundred and sixty-nine point zero one seven one. The kurtosis standard deviation is sixty-nine point seven zero seven eight. The peak average is four point zero two eight nine. The peak standard deviation is one point four one zero six. The rotational speed is eight hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Ball Fault class.
The rms average is zero point two eight one one. The rms standard deviation is zero point one four four eight. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point four two six. The kurtosis average is one hundred and thirty-six point six five one eight. The kurtosis standard deviation is seventy-two point nine six nine three. The peak average is five point zero one eight six. The peak standard deviation is two point two three two two. The rotational speed is eight hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Ball Fault class.
The rms average is zero point two six six nine. The rms standard deviation is zero point one three seven two. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point four zero four one. The kurtosis average is one hundred and five point zero four nine three. The kurtosis standard deviation is sixty-eight point four seven six. The peak average is four point four three four two. The peak standard deviation is two point five three one four. The rotational speed is eight hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Ball Fault class.
The rms average is zero point two zero seven one. The rms standard deviation is zero point one zero four five. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point three one one six. The kurtosis average is one hundred and thirty point three one eight one. The kurtosis standard deviation is thirty point seven three four nine. The peak average is three point nine one zero seven. The peak standard deviation is one point nine zero eight six. The rotational speed is eight hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Ball Fault class.
The rms average is zero point one eight nine three. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero seven six one. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point two six five four. The kurtosis average is one hundred and seven point six two one seven. The kurtosis standard deviation is fifty-one point six two two three. The peak average is three point four four eight one. The peak standard deviation is one point six three four eight. The rotational speed is eight hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Ball Fault class.
The rms average is zero point one six four two. The rms standard deviation is zero point one zero six five. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point two seven zero eight. The kurtosis average is ninety-five point eight three eight three. The kurtosis standard deviation is sixty-seven point seven five nine five. The peak average is two point eight seven four four. The peak standard deviation is one point eight two nine seven. The rotational speed is eight hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Ball Fault class.
The rms average is zero point two six seven two. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero eight five six. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point three five two nine. The kurtosis average is one hundred and fifty point two eight zero one. The kurtosis standard deviation is fifty-two point two one three three. The peak average is five point one five six five. The peak standard deviation is two point zero seven. The rotational speed is eight hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Ball Fault class.
The rms average is zero point two one zero one. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero six two five. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point two seven two seven. The kurtosis average is one hundred and ninety-seven point eight four eight two. The kurtosis standard deviation is seventy-nine point three two four eight. The peak average is four point five zero two two. The peak standard deviation is one point four eight six one. The rotational speed is eight hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Ball Fault class.
The rms average is zero point two three two. The rms standard deviation is zero point one eight two eight. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point four one four eight. The kurtosis average is ninety-nine point seven four zero three. The kurtosis standard deviation is eighty-one point zero six two two. The peak average is three point seven nine nine six. The peak standard deviation is two point seven seven six one. The rotational speed is eight hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Ball Fault class.
The rms average is zero point one nine one six. The rms standard deviation is zero point one four seven three. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point three three eight nine. The kurtosis average is ninety-two point six seven four seven. The kurtosis standard deviation is seventy-seven point five zero six five. The peak average is three point four one zero two. The peak standard deviation is two point seven seven four eight. The rotational speed is eight hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Ball Fault class.
The rms average is zero point two seven nine six. The rms standard deviation is zero point one four one five. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point four two one one. The kurtosis average is one hundred and thirteen point six four eight one. The kurtosis standard deviation is forty-two point one eight six. The peak average is four point seven seven five two. The peak standard deviation is two point one three seven one. The rotational speed is eight hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Ball Fault class.
The rms average is zero point two zero nine one. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero five nine five. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point two six eight six. The kurtosis average is one hundred and thirteen point five five five eight. The kurtosis standard deviation is forty-five point eight one two two. The peak average is three point seven five zero three. The peak standard deviation is one point one seven. The rotational speed is eight hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Ball Fault class.
The rms average is zero point two one six four. The rms standard deviation is zero point one two two eight. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point three three nine two. The kurtosis average is one hundred and four point six four seven nine. The kurtosis standard deviation is fifty-four point seven seven five nine. The peak average is three point seven seven one seven. The peak standard deviation is two point zero three two three. The rotational speed is eight hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Ball Fault class.
The rms average is zero point two one seven five. The rms standard deviation is zero point one three nine four. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point three five six nine. The kurtosis average is eighty-eight point five zero eight seven. The kurtosis standard deviation is seventy-six point four two two five. The peak average is three point nine eight two nine. The peak standard deviation is two point nine three five eight. The rotational speed is eight hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Ball Fault class.
The rms average is zero point two two six three. The rms standard deviation is zero point one three one five. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point three five seven seven. The kurtosis average is ninety-four point two three one eight. The kurtosis standard deviation is forty point nine two zero nine. The peak average is three point eight five eight four. The peak standard deviation is two point five three four three. The rotational speed is eight hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Ball Fault class.
The rms average is zero point two three two six. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero nine eight five. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point three three one one. The kurtosis average is one hundred and twenty-three point three nine three two. The kurtosis standard deviation is forty-nine point zero five seven three. The peak average is four point three six zero six. The peak standard deviation is one point eight two zero five. The rotational speed is eight hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Ball Fault class.
The rms average is zero point one nine five six. The rms standard deviation is zero point one zero two seven. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point two nine eight three. The kurtosis average is one hundred and four point three seven zero four. The kurtosis standard deviation is forty-five point six seven seven six. The peak average is three point three four nine eight. The peak standard deviation is two point zero six nine four. The rotational speed is eight hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Ball Fault class.
The rms average is zero point one six eight six. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero eight seven four. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point two five six. The kurtosis average is ninety-six point seven four two seven. The kurtosis standard deviation is fifty-seven point four three three. The peak average is two point nine eight nine four. The peak standard deviation is two point zero three five one. The rotational speed is eight hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Ball Fault class.
The rms average is zero point two four six nine. The rms standard deviation is zero point one two four three. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point three seven one one. The kurtosis average is eighty-eight point two seven seven five. The kurtosis standard deviation is twenty-five point two four eight one. The peak average is three point nine two eight one. The peak standard deviation is two point one zero seven four. The rotational speed is eight hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Ball Fault class.
The rms average is zero point two nine seven one. The rms standard deviation is zero point one nine four. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point four nine one. The kurtosis average is one hundred and six point five five one. The kurtosis standard deviation is ninety-six point one two two six. The peak average is four point four seven six seven. The peak standard deviation is two point eight zero seven three. The rotational speed is eight hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Ball Fault class.
The rms average is zero point two five five six. The rms standard deviation is zero point one two eight five. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point three eight four two. The kurtosis average is one hundred and forty-five point six two seven. The kurtosis standard deviation is fifty-one point seven three four. The peak average is four point eight eight two two. The peak standard deviation is two point zero two four seven. The rotational speed is eight hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Ball Fault class.
The rms average is zero point two eight seven three. The rms standard deviation is zero point one seven one six. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point four five eight nine. The kurtosis average is seventy-four point three five five. The kurtosis standard deviation is thirty-four point two five three eight. The peak average is four point six one three one. The peak standard deviation is two point eight one eight two. The rotational speed is eight hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Ball Fault class.
The rms average is zero point one eight three one. The rms standard deviation is zero point one one seven six. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point three zero zero eight. The kurtosis average is sixty point nine nine eight nine. The kurtosis standard deviation is forty-five point eight eight nine four. The peak average is two point nine six five nine. The peak standard deviation is two point six five six nine. The rotational speed is eight hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Ball Fault class.
The rms average is zero point two seven three one. The rms standard deviation is zero point one one nine six. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point three nine two seven. The kurtosis average is one hundred and nineteen point five four eight seven. The kurtosis standard deviation is ninety-five point zero six four five. The peak average is four point nine zero six six. The peak standard deviation is one point nine three four seven. The rotational speed is eight hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Ball Fault class.
The rms average is zero point two six six four. The rms standard deviation is zero point one three two two. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point three nine eight six. The kurtosis average is ninety-five point five zero two six. The kurtosis standard deviation is seventy-one point zero three two one. The peak average is four point four four one three. The peak standard deviation is two point three three zero two. The rotational speed is eight hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Ball Fault class.
The rms average is zero point two eight five five. The rms standard deviation is zero point one zero two seven. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point three eight eight one. The kurtosis average is one hundred and forty-nine point four seven five four. The kurtosis standard deviation is seventy-three point two four eight eight. The peak average is five point eight zero eight. The peak standard deviation is two point one six four. The rotational speed is eight hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Ball Fault class.
The rms average is zero point two five one two. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero nine two nine. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point three four four. The kurtosis average is one hundred and twenty-two point one six seven nine. The kurtosis standard deviation is fifty-nine point five two three eight. The peak average is four point five one one. The peak standard deviation is two point two zero four six. The rotational speed is eight hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Ball Fault class.
The rms average is zero point two four zero four. The rms standard deviation is zero point one six zero two. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point four zero zero six. The kurtosis average is fifty-one point four four six eight. The kurtosis standard deviation is thirty-four point three five one one. The peak average is three point five one five five. The peak standard deviation is two point eight six eight four. The rotational speed is eight hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Ball Fault class.
The rms average is zero point two five four one. The rms standard deviation is zero point one three eight seven. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point three nine two eight. The kurtosis average is one hundred and fifty-four point four five one three. The kurtosis standard deviation is seventy-seven point zero zero nine four. The peak average is five point zero seven six six. The peak standard deviation is two point seven eight four one. The rotational speed is eight hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Ball Fault class.
The rms average is zero point two seven eight five. The rms standard deviation is zero point one six one. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point four three nine five. The kurtosis average is seventy-nine point zero six two eight. The kurtosis standard deviation is forty-one point seven three six nine. The peak average is four point two four six three. The peak standard deviation is two point four one eight five. The rotational speed is eight hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Ball Fault class.
The rms average is zero point two five zero eight. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero nine two seven. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point three four three six. The kurtosis average is one hundred and thirty-four point two three nine six. The kurtosis standard deviation is thirty-seven point seven two eight three. The peak average is four point six three zero three. The peak standard deviation is one point four zero seven two. The rotational speed is eight hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Ball Fault class.
The rms average is zero point two four three five. The rms standard deviation is zero point one eight four four. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point four two seven eight. The kurtosis average is ninety-three point two four three four. The kurtosis standard deviation is eighty-three point nine three zero two. The peak average is four point one one five six. The peak standard deviation is three point one three six four. The rotational speed is eight hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Ball Fault class.
The rms average is zero point two four three six. The rms standard deviation is zero point one one four one. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point three five seven seven. The kurtosis average is one hundred and forty-one point eight zero one two. The kurtosis standard deviation is one hundred and six point nine zero one. The peak average is four point seven nine two seven. The peak standard deviation is two point three nine two six. The rotational speed is eight hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Ball Fault class.
The rms average is zero point two seven six. The rms standard deviation is zero point one nine zero two. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point four six six two. The kurtosis average is ninety-seven point nine seven zero five. The kurtosis standard deviation is thirty-six point nine one five four. The peak average is four point one nine three four. The peak standard deviation is two point four four three four. The rotational speed is eight hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Ball Fault class.
The rms average is zero point two two six three. The rms standard deviation is zero point one six five seven. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point three nine two. The kurtosis average is eighty-one point three one three four. The kurtosis standard deviation is seventy-four point one seven two two. The peak average is three point six four one eight. The peak standard deviation is three point two five four five. The rotational speed is eight hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Ball Fault class.
The rms average is zero point two two two two. The rms standard deviation is zero point one three one. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point three five three one. The kurtosis average is eighty-nine point zero one six four. The kurtosis standard deviation is sixty-eight point two seven two three. The peak average is three point seven seven three seven. The peak standard deviation is two point six seven eight two. The rotational speed is eight hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Ball Fault class.
The rms average is zero point two nine nine one. The rms standard deviation is zero point one four five eight. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point four four four nine. The kurtosis average is one hundred and one point four zero four five. The kurtosis standard deviation is thirty-three point zero zero zero five. The peak average is five point two nine eight eight. The peak standard deviation is two point four eight three two. The rotational speed is eight hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Ball Fault class.
The rms average is zero point two three six four. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero six six two. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point three zero two six. The kurtosis average is one hundred and fifty-four point two four zero seven. The kurtosis standard deviation is fifty-six point two five three eight. The peak average is four point nine three three. The peak standard deviation is one point nine one five six. The rotational speed is eight hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Ball Fault class.
The rms average is zero point three three two. The rms standard deviation is zero point one three eight six. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point four seven zero six. The kurtosis average is one hundred and eighteen point two three four one. The kurtosis standard deviation is forty-six point zero zero two seven. The peak average is five point seven four six one. The peak standard deviation is one point eight six five six. The rotational speed is eight hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Ball Fault class.
The rms average is zero point six four three six. The rms standard deviation is zero point one one one. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point seven five four seven. The kurtosis average is one hundred and twenty-nine point four six nine five. The kurtosis standard deviation is fifty-six point zero four zero six. The peak average is eleven point six seven two nine. The peak standard deviation is one point seven five five. The rotational speed is one thousand rpm. This sample belongs to the Ball Fault class.
The rms average is zero point five one one three. The rms standard deviation is zero point two three four eight. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point seven four six one. The kurtosis average is one hundred and six point eight seven seven five. The kurtosis standard deviation is fifty-one point nine three four one. The peak average is eight point seven one one seven. The peak standard deviation is three point six four nine nine. The rotational speed is one thousand rpm. This sample belongs to the Ball Fault class.
The rms average is zero point six one eight three. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero nine one. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point seven zero nine four. The kurtosis average is one hundred and six point zero eight six two. The kurtosis standard deviation is thirty-six point six four two seven. The peak average is ten point zero eight two three. The peak standard deviation is one point seven six six three. The rotational speed is one thousand rpm. This sample belongs to the Ball Fault class.
The rms average is zero point five six one seven. The rms standard deviation is zero point two six four two. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point eight two six. The kurtosis average is seventy-seven point two zero five eight. The kurtosis standard deviation is sixteen point one five nine seven. The peak average is eight point three five nine five. The peak standard deviation is four point zero one three eight. The rotational speed is one thousand rpm. This sample belongs to the Ball Fault class.
The rms average is zero point six one three six. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero nine one four. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point seven zero five. The kurtosis average is one hundred and twenty-seven point one eight seven four. The kurtosis standard deviation is thirty point seven zero one three. The peak average is eleven point three seven five three. The peak standard deviation is one point six four zero one. The rotational speed is one thousand rpm. This sample belongs to the Ball Fault class.
The rms average is zero point five five four two. The rms standard deviation is zero point one two two four. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point six seven six six. The kurtosis average is one hundred and five point one zero six seven. The kurtosis standard deviation is forty-two point zero seven nine eight. The peak average is nine point six one seven nine. The peak standard deviation is three point one seven one. The rotational speed is one thousand rpm. This sample belongs to the Ball Fault class.
The rms average is zero point five seven three eight. The rms standard deviation is zero point one three two one. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point seven zero five nine. The kurtosis average is ninety-four point nine nine five one. The kurtosis standard deviation is thirty-two point zero zero eight. The peak average is ten point zero zero two eight. The peak standard deviation is one point two six five seven. The rotational speed is one thousand rpm. This sample belongs to the Ball Fault class.
The rms average is zero point four nine three six. The rms standard deviation is zero point one one one two. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point six zero four eight. The kurtosis average is one hundred and thirty-two point one three three nine. The kurtosis standard deviation is seventy-five point three six zero three. The peak average is nine point four four five nine. The peak standard deviation is three point eight one one two. The rotational speed is one thousand rpm. This sample belongs to the Ball Fault class.
The rms average is zero point five zero two one. The rms standard deviation is zero point two two zero four. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point seven two two five. The kurtosis average is seventy-six point seven zero zero seven. The kurtosis standard deviation is nineteen point six five four six. The peak average is eight point zero four four six. The peak standard deviation is two point nine four four three. The rotational speed is one thousand rpm. This sample belongs to the Ball Fault class.
The rms average is zero point five zero five two. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero eight four one. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point five eight nine three. The kurtosis average is eighty-nine point six two eight three. The kurtosis standard deviation is forty-six point five zero six three. The peak average is eight point three five five six. The peak standard deviation is two point nine one three three. The rotational speed is one thousand rpm. This sample belongs to the Ball Fault class.
The rms average is zero point five three three seven. The rms standard deviation is zero point one four one three. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point six seven four nine. The kurtosis average is one hundred and fifteen point seven zero seven three. The kurtosis standard deviation is nineteen point eight four zero nine. The peak average is nine point four two four one. The peak standard deviation is two point two six seven nine. The rotational speed is one thousand rpm. This sample belongs to the Ball Fault class.
The rms average is zero point five nine eight. The rms standard deviation is zero point two one six seven. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point eight one four seven. The kurtosis average is one hundred and thirty-three point six six seven six. The kurtosis standard deviation is one hundred and eighteen point one zero seven six. The peak average is ten point two nine nine two. The peak standard deviation is two point five one three six. The rotational speed is one thousand rpm. This sample belongs to the Ball Fault class.
The rms average is zero point six one seven two. The rms standard deviation is zero point two two one eight. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point eight three nine. The kurtosis average is eighty-three point five three nine eight. The kurtosis standard deviation is thirty-two point nine one four five. The peak average is nine point three two eight two. The peak standard deviation is three point three zero six four. The rotational speed is one thousand rpm. This sample belongs to the Ball Fault class.
The rms average is zero point five one one six. The rms standard deviation is zero point one nine nine. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point seven one zero six. The kurtosis average is one hundred point nine seven one seven. The kurtosis standard deviation is nineteen point eight two two six. The peak average is eight point three two six seven. The peak standard deviation is three point zero four zero four. The rotational speed is one thousand rpm. This sample belongs to the Ball Fault class.
The rms average is zero point five eight six nine. The rms standard deviation is zero point one one three nine. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point seven zero zero eight. The kurtosis average is one hundred and three point four eight four six. The kurtosis standard deviation is forty-two point one one one six. The peak average is nine point eight two two two. The peak standard deviation is one point nine seven nine. The rotational speed is one thousand rpm. This sample belongs to the Ball Fault class.
The rms average is zero point five five two one. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero nine nine one. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point six five one two. The kurtosis average is one hundred and five point six five nine two. The kurtosis standard deviation is forty-two point eight nine two nine. The peak average is nine point five nine eight five. The peak standard deviation is two point three five one. The rotational speed is one thousand rpm. This sample belongs to the Ball Fault class.
The rms average is zero point six one two five. The rms standard deviation is zero point one three two nine. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point seven four five five. The kurtosis average is seventy-seven point zero seven eight nine. The kurtosis standard deviation is thirty-three point six three two four. The peak average is nine point six five zero three. The peak standard deviation is three point three zero two five. The rotational speed is one thousand rpm. This sample belongs to the Ball Fault class.
The rms average is zero point five four seven four. The rms standard deviation is zero point two six eight. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point eight one five five. The kurtosis average is seventy-four point five zero two eight. The kurtosis standard deviation is thirty-eight point eight two six one. The peak average is seven point nine one nine six. The peak standard deviation is four point zero two five nine. The rotational speed is one thousand rpm. This sample belongs to the Ball Fault class.
The rms average is zero point five four five three. The rms standard deviation is zero point one six zero three. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point seven zero five five. The kurtosis average is one hundred and four point one eight six seven. The kurtosis standard deviation is sixty point four three two five. The peak average is nine point two three seven one. The peak standard deviation is two point two two eight seven. The rotational speed is one thousand rpm. This sample belongs to the Ball Fault class.
The rms average is zero point six one three five. The rms standard deviation is zero point one six three five. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point seven seven seven. The kurtosis average is one hundred and nineteen point zero six six two. The kurtosis standard deviation is fourteen point zero zero zero six. The peak average is eleven point three five three five. The peak standard deviation is two point four seven six seven. The rotational speed is one thousand rpm. This sample belongs to the Ball Fault class.
The rms average is zero point five nine five three. The rms standard deviation is zero point two two eight four. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point eight two three seven. The kurtosis average is eighty-six point three four six five. The kurtosis standard deviation is thirty-one point eight four seven six. The peak average is nine point two nine four three. The peak standard deviation is three point six zero two nine. The rotational speed is one thousand rpm. This sample belongs to the Ball Fault class.
The rms average is zero point four nine one. The rms standard deviation is zero point two one three. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point seven zero four. The kurtosis average is ninety-seven point three one two six. The kurtosis standard deviation is forty-seven point five six five seven. The peak average is eight point three four eight eight. The peak standard deviation is three point four one nine six. The rotational speed is one thousand rpm. This sample belongs to the Ball Fault class.
The rms average is zero point four seven six eight. The rms standard deviation is zero point one nine two seven. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point six six nine six. The kurtosis average is eighty-one point zero eight two three. The kurtosis standard deviation is twenty-nine point six two nine nine. The peak average is seven point three two eight six. The peak standard deviation is three point one six eight six. The rotational speed is one thousand rpm. This sample belongs to the Ball Fault class.
The rms average is zero point five one eight nine. The rms standard deviation is zero point two five zero two. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point seven six nine one. The kurtosis average is seventy-five point three zero one. The kurtosis standard deviation is twenty-eight point six seven one eight. The peak average is seven point eight seven one two. The peak standard deviation is four point two six seven. The rotational speed is one thousand rpm. This sample belongs to the Ball Fault class.
The rms average is zero point five six zero eight. The rms standard deviation is zero point two four four nine. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point eight zero five seven. The kurtosis average is seventy-eight point two nine zero five. The kurtosis standard deviation is twelve point one zero seven five. The peak average is eight point seven four one three. The peak standard deviation is three point four three zero three. The rotational speed is one thousand rpm. This sample belongs to the Ball Fault class.
The rms average is zero point six five three six. The rms standard deviation is zero point one seven four eight. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point eight two eight four. The kurtosis average is sixty-one point six zero five eight. The kurtosis standard deviation is sixteen point four zero five seven. The peak average is nine point zero seven. The peak standard deviation is three point six one two eight. The rotational speed is one thousand rpm. This sample belongs to the Ball Fault class.
The rms average is zero point five four nine seven. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero five zero six. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point six zero zero three. The kurtosis average is one hundred and forty-one point one two nine four. The kurtosis standard deviation is seventy-six point eight eight seven one. The peak average is ten point two two seven two. The peak standard deviation is two point three zero five eight. The rotational speed is one thousand rpm. This sample belongs to the Ball Fault class.
The rms average is zero point four seven five seven. The rms standard deviation is zero point two seven zero six. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point seven four six four. The kurtosis average is sixty-nine point one three four five. The kurtosis standard deviation is twenty-two point zero zero six five. The peak average is seven point two five four five. The peak standard deviation is four point three six zero four. The rotational speed is one thousand rpm. This sample belongs to the Ball Fault class.
The rms average is zero point four seven. The rms standard deviation is zero point two zero seven nine. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point six seven seven nine. The kurtosis average is ninety-nine point one nine six nine. The kurtosis standard deviation is twenty-three point five four two seven. The peak average is seven point eight three one four. The peak standard deviation is two point eight eight seven three. The rotational speed is one thousand rpm. This sample belongs to the Ball Fault class.
The rms average is zero point five two four two. The rms standard deviation is zero point one one zero five. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point six three four six. The kurtosis average is one hundred and fifty-three point two six seven eight. The kurtosis standard deviation is thirty-five point zero six nine four. The peak average is eleven point zero four one four. The peak standard deviation is two point one three four three. The rotational speed is one thousand rpm. This sample belongs to the Ball Fault class.
The rms average is zero point five nine seven nine. The rms standard deviation is zero point one nine nine six. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point seven nine seven five. The kurtosis average is eighty point zero four four seven. The kurtosis standard deviation is twenty-seven point five one two four. The peak average is eight point nine four nine one. The peak standard deviation is three point one zero zero nine. The rotational speed is one thousand rpm. This sample belongs to the Ball Fault class.
The rms average is zero point five six eight two. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero seven four nine. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point six four three one. The kurtosis average is one hundred and eight point five zero six one. The kurtosis standard deviation is seventy-nine point three seven eight five. The peak average is ten point one six five seven. The peak standard deviation is two point five nine zero nine. The rotational speed is one thousand rpm. This sample belongs to the Ball Fault class.
The rms average is zero point five eight five four. The rms standard deviation is zero point three one eight two. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point nine zero three six. The kurtosis average is sixty-eight point nine one one seven. The kurtosis standard deviation is twenty-two point eight four zero three. The peak average is eight point three six seven nine. The peak standard deviation is four point seven eight seven six. The rotational speed is one thousand rpm. This sample belongs to the Ball Fault class.
The rms average is zero point four one three nine. The rms standard deviation is zero point one two five four. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point five three nine four. The kurtosis average is ninety-six point five zero zero six. The kurtosis standard deviation is forty-eight point one three zero one. The peak average is six point seven eight two six. The peak standard deviation is two point two two six seven. The rotational speed is one thousand rpm. This sample belongs to the Ball Fault class.
The rms average is zero point five nine four seven. The rms standard deviation is zero point one one seven eight. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point seven one two five. The kurtosis average is eighty-one point two zero two seven. The kurtosis standard deviation is sixteen point three three five nine. The peak average is nine point nine two eight one. The peak standard deviation is two point five six four five. The rotational speed is one thousand rpm. This sample belongs to the Ball Fault class.
The rms average is zero point five two five nine. The rms standard deviation is zero point one three four five. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point six six zero four. The kurtosis average is one hundred and seventeen point nine three zero four. The kurtosis standard deviation is seventeen point eight seven four seven. The peak average is nine point eight six four eight. The peak standard deviation is three point zero eight eight seven. The rotational speed is one thousand rpm. This sample belongs to the Ball Fault class.
The rms average is zero point six two zero three. The rms standard deviation is zero point one two nine four. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point seven four nine seven. The kurtosis average is eighty-nine point six seven seven four. The kurtosis standard deviation is twenty-three point eight two six one. The peak average is ten point five eight one four. The peak standard deviation is two point seven three eight four. The rotational speed is one thousand rpm. This sample belongs to the Ball Fault class.
The rms average is zero point five nine three nine. The rms standard deviation is zero point one four four eight. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point seven three eight seven. The kurtosis average is eighty-eight point three three one three. The kurtosis standard deviation is twenty-seven point eight one six five. The peak average is nine point zero zero five two. The peak standard deviation is one point seven three two one. The rotational speed is one thousand rpm. This sample belongs to the Ball Fault class.
The rms average is zero point four three three three. The rms standard deviation is zero point one four four nine. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point five seven eight one. The kurtosis average is one hundred and ten point eight two seven five. The kurtosis standard deviation is seventy-four point zero zero two eight. The peak average is seven point six three two. The peak standard deviation is three point three five four three. The rotational speed is one thousand rpm. This sample belongs to the Ball Fault class.
The rms average is zero point five three seven six. The rms standard deviation is zero point two six six four. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point eight zero four. The kurtosis average is one hundred and eighteen point seven three five nine. The kurtosis standard deviation is seventy-six point zero seven nine seven. The peak average is eight point five three nine eight. The peak standard deviation is three point seven eight seven seven. The rotational speed is one thousand rpm. This sample belongs to the Ball Fault class.
The rms average is zero point zero six two three. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero zero six five. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point zero six eight eight. The kurtosis average is three point four six two six. The kurtosis standard deviation is four point eight two one three. The peak average is zero point four zero zero six. The peak standard deviation is zero point one seven five nine. The rotational speed is six hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Normal class.
The rms average is zero point zero six three three. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero zero two eight. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point zero six six. The kurtosis average is five point six three nine nine. The kurtosis standard deviation is four point one four six one. The peak average is zero point five one eight six. The peak standard deviation is zero point one three eight one. The rotational speed is six hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Normal class.
The rms average is zero point zero six nine five. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero one seven three. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point zero eight six nine. The kurtosis average is nine point four two one three. The kurtosis standard deviation is seventeen point one seven two eight. The peak average is zero point five four four five. The peak standard deviation is zero point three nine zero four. The rotational speed is six hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Normal class.
The rms average is zero point zero seven zero six. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero one two three. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point zero eight two eight. The kurtosis average is seventeen point five one seven two. The kurtosis standard deviation is twenty-six point seven four four two. The peak average is zero point six five five two. The peak standard deviation is zero point four two eight nine. The rotational speed is six hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Normal class.
The rms average is zero point zero six two seven. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero zero four six. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point zero six seven three. The kurtosis average is three point two six eight. The kurtosis standard deviation is two point nine nine four two. The peak average is zero point four four zero seven. The peak standard deviation is zero point one five eight seven. The rotational speed is six hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Normal class.
The rms average is zero point zero six four seven. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero zero five nine. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point zero seven zero six. The kurtosis average is four point nine five three six. The kurtosis standard deviation is three point eight five seven six. The peak average is zero point five one eight five. The peak standard deviation is zero point one three six nine. The rotational speed is six hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Normal class.
The rms average is zero point zero six zero five. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero zero seven four. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point zero six seven nine. The kurtosis average is one point nine eight zero eight. The kurtosis standard deviation is two point six five seven. The peak average is zero point three seven two four. The peak standard deviation is zero point one seven. The rotational speed is six hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Normal class.
The rms average is zero point zero six four nine. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero one zero eight. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point zero seven five seven. The kurtosis average is seven point nine seven eight one. The kurtosis standard deviation is eight point seven seven zero seven. The peak average is zero point five seven zero four. The peak standard deviation is zero point two eight seven six. The rotational speed is six hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Normal class.
The rms average is zero point zero six nine two. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero two zero two. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point zero eight nine four. The kurtosis average is eleven point seven three four two. The kurtosis standard deviation is twenty point seven two five five. The peak average is zero point five six zero two. The peak standard deviation is zero point four two four nine. The rotational speed is six hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Normal class.
The rms average is zero point zero five eight nine. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero zero two. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point zero six zero nine. The kurtosis average is zero point five one eight four. The kurtosis standard deviation is zero point eight five three six. The peak average is zero point two six four two. The peak standard deviation is zero point zero seven three six. The rotational speed is six hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Normal class.
The rms average is zero point zero six four four. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero zero nine five. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point zero seven three nine. The kurtosis average is four point three one four three. The kurtosis standard deviation is seven point zero one four two. The peak average is zero point four two four seven. The peak standard deviation is zero point three one two eight. The rotational speed is six hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Normal class.
The rms average is zero point zero six nine four. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero one three eight. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point zero eight three two. The kurtosis average is twelve point two three seven nine. The kurtosis standard deviation is fourteen point four five two two. The peak average is zero point six one four one. The peak standard deviation is zero point two eight eight five. The rotational speed is six hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Normal class.
The rms average is zero point zero six two six. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero zero nine one. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point zero seven one seven. The kurtosis average is two point two four two seven. The kurtosis standard deviation is four point one eight five six. The peak average is zero point three six one nine. The peak standard deviation is zero point one nine seven one. The rotational speed is six hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Normal class.
The rms average is zero point zero six two one. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero zero seven four. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point zero six nine five. The kurtosis average is six point three eight five five. The kurtosis standard deviation is twelve point eight six eight one. The peak average is zero point four one two one. The peak standard deviation is zero point two nine four eight. The rotational speed is six hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Normal class.
The rms average is zero point zero five eight. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero zero two three. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point zero six zero three. The kurtosis average is zero point five six seven seven. The kurtosis standard deviation is zero point eight seven eight three. The peak average is zero point three zero one nine. The peak standard deviation is zero point zero eight zero three. The rotational speed is six hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Normal class.
The rms average is zero point zero five eight two. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero zero two. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point zero six zero two. The kurtosis average is zero point six nine three nine. The kurtosis standard deviation is one point six four six three. The peak average is zero point two five eight five. The peak standard deviation is zero point zero nine seven eight. The rotational speed is six hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Normal class.
The rms average is zero point zero six zero six. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero zero six four. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point zero six seven. The kurtosis average is four point zero five eight. The kurtosis standard deviation is six point eight zero nine five. The peak average is zero point three six one three. The peak standard deviation is zero point two four three five. The rotational speed is six hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Normal class.
The rms average is zero point zero six nine three. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero one two five. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point zero eight one nine. The kurtosis average is nineteen point five five six three. The kurtosis standard deviation is twenty-five point one nine two nine. The peak average is zero point seven zero two five. The peak standard deviation is zero point five two. The rotational speed is six hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Normal class.
The rms average is zero point zero six six three. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero one two three. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point zero seven eight six. The kurtosis average is five point two nine zero five. The kurtosis standard deviation is five point three nine seven nine. The peak average is zero point five six three four. The peak standard deviation is zero point two five six one. The rotational speed is six hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Normal class.
The rms average is zero point zero six two three. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero one one one. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point zero seven three four. The kurtosis average is five point seven eight two four. The kurtosis standard deviation is twelve point four three three six. The peak average is zero point four zero one three. The peak standard deviation is zero point three three zero three. The rotational speed is six hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Normal class.
The rms average is zero point zero six one seven. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero zero six four. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point zero six eight. The kurtosis average is one point two one nine three. The kurtosis standard deviation is two point two eight one seven. The peak average is zero point three zero zero seven. The peak standard deviation is zero point one two two four. The rotational speed is six hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Normal class.
The rms average is zero point zero eight two nine. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero three two eight. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point one one five eight. The kurtosis average is twenty point three five zero one. The kurtosis standard deviation is twenty-five point one three three one. The peak average is zero point seven five four three. The peak standard deviation is zero point five six five three. The rotational speed is six hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Normal class.
The rms average is zero point zero six two six. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero zero five seven. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point zero six eight three. The kurtosis average is four point one zero nine eight. The kurtosis standard deviation is eight point seven seven nine. The peak average is zero point three six two two. The peak standard deviation is zero point two one four one. The rotational speed is six hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Normal class.
The rms average is zero point zero six zero five. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero zero three three. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point zero six three eight. The kurtosis average is one point one three zero seven. The kurtosis standard deviation is one point three five five seven. The peak average is zero point three three eight three. The peak standard deviation is zero point one four zero five. The rotational speed is six hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Normal class.
The rms average is zero point zero seven six. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero one seven three. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point zero nine three two. The kurtosis average is seventeen point six five six nine. The kurtosis standard deviation is eighteen point five six nine eight. The peak average is zero point seven one three two. The peak standard deviation is zero point four two six seven. The rotational speed is six hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Normal class.
The rms average is zero point zero five nine three. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero zero zero five. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point zero five nine eight. The kurtosis average is zero point three nine three eight. The kurtosis standard deviation is zero point four seven four two. The peak average is zero point two eight four two. The peak standard deviation is zero point zero two nine one. The rotational speed is six hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Normal class.
The rms average is zero point zero six zero six. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero zero four one. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point zero six four seven. The kurtosis average is zero point eight two three nine. The kurtosis standard deviation is one point two six seven six. The peak average is zero point two nine nine three. The peak standard deviation is zero point one zero three four. The rotational speed is six hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Normal class.
The rms average is zero point zero six seven nine. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero one four four. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point zero eight two two. The kurtosis average is fourteen point zero four. The kurtosis standard deviation is twenty-three point six four one one. The peak average is zero point five four one one. The peak standard deviation is zero point four five seven six. The rotational speed is six hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Normal class.
The rms average is zero point zero six seven. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero zero seven five. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point zero seven four five. The kurtosis average is three point seven one four one. The kurtosis standard deviation is two point eight four seven three. The peak average is zero point four four three four. The peak standard deviation is zero point one four six one. The rotational speed is six hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Normal class.
The rms average is zero point zero six two five. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero zero three one. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point zero six five seven. The kurtosis average is one point two four nine two. The kurtosis standard deviation is two point zero zero one nine. The peak average is zero point three four six four. The peak standard deviation is zero point one two three three. The rotational speed is six hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Normal class.
The rms average is zero point zero six nine six. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero one one three. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point zero eight zero nine. The kurtosis average is twelve point one zero three five. The kurtosis standard deviation is fourteen point five four four seven. The peak average is zero point six nine zero four. The peak standard deviation is zero point three seven five. The rotational speed is six hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Normal class.
The rms average is zero point zero seven zero four. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero one eight nine. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point zero eight nine three. The kurtosis average is thirteen point six four two. The kurtosis standard deviation is twenty-four point two one one four. The peak average is zero point five nine eight one. The peak standard deviation is zero point four two seven three. The rotational speed is six hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Normal class.
The rms average is zero point zero six nine. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero one three one. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point zero eight two. The kurtosis average is seven point nine seven five. The kurtosis standard deviation is eleven point two four seven five. The peak average is zero point five two seven three. The peak standard deviation is zero point three three two five. The rotational speed is six hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Normal class.
The rms average is zero point zero six nine eight. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero two zero seven. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point zero nine zero five. The kurtosis average is seven point five nine eight six. The kurtosis standard deviation is fourteen point two four three nine. The peak average is zero point four nine nine eight. The peak standard deviation is zero point four zero five six. The rotational speed is six hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Normal class.
The rms average is zero point zero six zero six. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero zero two five. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point zero six three two. The kurtosis average is zero point seven one seven nine. The kurtosis standard deviation is zero point nine seven eight six. The peak average is zero point two nine two three. The peak standard deviation is zero point zero six nine one. The rotational speed is six hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Normal class.
The rms average is zero point zero six five six. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero zero nine one. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point zero seven four seven. The kurtosis average is four point five three two nine. The kurtosis standard deviation is nine point four seven five six. The peak average is zero point three nine two four. The peak standard deviation is zero point two seven seven six. The rotational speed is six hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Normal class.
The rms average is zero point zero seven five four. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero two nine four. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point one zero four eight. The kurtosis average is eleven point five two five eight. The kurtosis standard deviation is twenty-one point one nine seven five. The peak average is zero point five eight three six. The peak standard deviation is zero point four nine three three. The rotational speed is six hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Normal class.
The rms average is zero point zero seven four five. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero zero nine six. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point zero eight four one. The kurtosis average is seventeen point six three six six. The kurtosis standard deviation is seventeen point two one four five. The peak average is zero point seven two five seven. The peak standard deviation is zero point three six seven three. The rotational speed is six hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Normal class.
The rms average is zero point zero seven zero six. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero one two seven. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point zero eight three three. The kurtosis average is seven point three seven one one. The kurtosis standard deviation is ten point zero nine zero eight. The peak average is zero point five one three six. The peak standard deviation is zero point two eight two six. The rotational speed is six hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Normal class.
The rms average is zero point zero six six three. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero zero eight two. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point zero seven four five. The kurtosis average is four point one four six six. The kurtosis standard deviation is six point seven five eight four. The peak average is zero point four four four four. The peak standard deviation is zero point two one three six. The rotational speed is six hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Normal class.
The rms average is zero point one three three six. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero one one eight. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point one four five three. The kurtosis average is two point three one five four. The kurtosis standard deviation is two point five four one. The peak average is zero point seven eight three. The peak standard deviation is zero point three four nine two. The rotational speed is eight hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Normal class.
The rms average is zero point one three nine nine. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero two two two. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point one six two one. The kurtosis average is four point three four four five. The kurtosis standard deviation is six point three one six. The peak average is zero point nine three two five. The peak standard deviation is zero point four seven nine. The rotational speed is eight hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Normal class.
The rms average is zero point one three eight six. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero one three five. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point one five two one. The kurtosis average is three point zero nine eight three. The kurtosis standard deviation is five point five nine seven seven. The peak average is zero point eight one seven two. The peak standard deviation is zero point four two seven one. The rotational speed is eight hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Normal class.
The rms average is zero point one four five nine. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero four two two. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point one eight eight one. The kurtosis average is nine point five three four four. The kurtosis standard deviation is twenty point one six one six. The peak average is one point zero two zero six. The peak standard deviation is zero point nine six six eight. The rotational speed is eight hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Normal class.
The rms average is zero point one three four one. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero one three six. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point one four seven seven. The kurtosis average is three point five four one. The kurtosis standard deviation is four point five one four six. The peak average is zero point eight five eight two. The peak standard deviation is zero point four one one five. The rotational speed is eight hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Normal class.
The rms average is zero point one four three five. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero one zero one. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point one five three six. The kurtosis average is seven point three nine seven four. The kurtosis standard deviation is eight point six one eight five. The peak average is one point one three two seven. The peak standard deviation is zero point four four seven six. The rotational speed is eight hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Normal class.
The rms average is zero point one three zero two. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero zero five four. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point one three five five. The kurtosis average is zero point five six five nine. The kurtosis standard deviation is zero point five eight two one. The peak average is zero point five nine seven three. The peak standard deviation is zero point one three two seven. The rotational speed is eight hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Normal class.
The rms average is zero point one three five six. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero one two seven. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point one four eight three. The kurtosis average is two point seven three three five. The kurtosis standard deviation is three point two zero four six. The peak average is zero point eight seven four. The peak standard deviation is zero point three six six one. The rotational speed is eight hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Normal class.
The rms average is zero point one three four seven. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero zero five four. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point one four zero two. The kurtosis average is two point eight six seven nine. The kurtosis standard deviation is three point five seven five five. The peak average is zero point nine one nine eight. The peak standard deviation is zero point two nine six six. The rotational speed is eight hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Normal class.
The rms average is zero point one three eight eight. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero zero five six. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point one four four four. The kurtosis average is zero point eight six eight one. The kurtosis standard deviation is zero point five two one two. The peak average is zero point six nine one six. The peak standard deviation is zero point one one three nine. The rotational speed is eight hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Normal class.
The rms average is zero point one four one two. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero one one one. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point one five two three. The kurtosis average is three point eight five four six. The kurtosis standard deviation is three point zero eight two seven. The peak average is one point zero four nine four. The peak standard deviation is zero point three six two eight. The rotational speed is eight hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Normal class.
The rms average is zero point one four nine eight. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero two four seven. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point one seven four five. The kurtosis average is eleven point two four four one. The kurtosis standard deviation is eleven point zero one four two. The peak average is one point three six one six. The peak standard deviation is zero point seven eight seven nine. The rotational speed is eight hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Normal class.
The rms average is zero point one three five five. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero one zero seven. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point one four six one. The kurtosis average is three point nine one four three. The kurtosis standard deviation is five point nine two zero seven. The peak average is zero point eight seven nine one. The peak standard deviation is zero point five four two four. The rotational speed is eight hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Normal class.
The rms average is zero point one four seven nine. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero two zero eight. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point one six eight six. The kurtosis average is eight point nine six eight nine. The kurtosis standard deviation is fourteen point nine eight two three. The peak average is one point one six nine four. The peak standard deviation is zero point nine zero four one. The rotational speed is eight hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Normal class.
The rms average is zero point one four eight seven. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero one nine five. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point one six eight three. The kurtosis average is five point one seven nine one. The kurtosis standard deviation is seven point one five five five. The peak average is one point zero two five three. The peak standard deviation is zero point four six nine eight. The rotational speed is eight hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Normal class.
The rms average is zero point one four two four. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero two zero five. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point one six two nine. The kurtosis average is four point three two two five. The kurtosis standard deviation is six point six five one three. The peak average is zero point nine five four one. The peak standard deviation is zero point six nine three three. The rotational speed is eight hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Normal class.
The rms average is zero point one four four one. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero two seven two. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point one seven one three. The kurtosis average is three point six four three. The kurtosis standard deviation is six point one one three two. The peak average is zero point eight four one five. The peak standard deviation is zero point four two. The rotational speed is eight hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Normal class.
The rms average is zero point one four five seven. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero two eight three. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point one seven four. The kurtosis average is six point one eight seven two. The kurtosis standard deviation is twelve point nine four eight seven. The peak average is zero point nine five eight four. The peak standard deviation is zero point seven nine eight eight. The rotational speed is eight hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Normal class.
The rms average is zero point one three eight four. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero one six one. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point one five four five. The kurtosis average is two point one five four two. The kurtosis standard deviation is two point nine eight eight eight. The peak average is zero point seven five two five. The peak standard deviation is zero point three two one six. The rotational speed is eight hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Normal class.
The rms average is zero point one three six. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero one seven two. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point one five three two. The kurtosis average is two point one one five four. The kurtosis standard deviation is three point eight zero nine five. The peak average is zero point seven seven five six. The peak standard deviation is zero point three seven four seven. The rotational speed is eight hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Normal class.
The rms average is zero point one five four eight. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero three nine three. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point one nine four one. The kurtosis average is nine point five five two two. The kurtosis standard deviation is seventeen point one seven nine nine. The peak average is one point two three four nine. The peak standard deviation is zero point nine zero nine six. The rotational speed is eight hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Normal class.
The rms average is zero point one three five three. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero one zero six. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point one four five nine. The kurtosis average is three point one zero three four. The kurtosis standard deviation is three point zero nine eight three. The peak average is zero point nine five five seven. The peak standard deviation is zero point three three three three. The rotational speed is eight hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Normal class.
The rms average is zero point one three two nine. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero one four one. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point one four seven. The kurtosis average is two point nine five two five. The kurtosis standard deviation is six point six six zero eight. The peak average is zero point seven seven three five. The peak standard deviation is zero point six zero three four. The rotational speed is eight hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Normal class.
The rms average is zero point one four four four. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero two zero three. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point one six four seven. The kurtosis average is ten point zero two three six. The kurtosis standard deviation is fourteen point two five three two. The peak average is one point one two three four. The peak standard deviation is zero point eight three nine four. The rotational speed is eight hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Normal class.
The rms average is zero point one two eight six. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero zero six three. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point one three four nine. The kurtosis average is zero point five three two one. The kurtosis standard deviation is zero point eight six two two. The peak average is zero point six two three eight. The peak standard deviation is zero point one eight eight three. The rotational speed is eight hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Normal class.
The rms average is zero point one four zero nine. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero one two four. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point one five three four. The kurtosis average is one point nine zero one three. The kurtosis standard deviation is one point five four four one. The peak average is zero point eight two zero one. The peak standard deviation is zero point one seven zero eight. The rotational speed is eight hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Normal class.
The rms average is zero point one four four two. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero two four nine. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point one six nine. The kurtosis average is nine point seven one eight. The kurtosis standard deviation is sixteen point four seven two five. The peak average is one point one two three. The peak standard deviation is zero point eight four five five. The rotational speed is eight hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Normal class.
The rms average is zero point one three two seven. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero zero six five. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point one three nine two. The kurtosis average is zero point six zero eight six. The kurtosis standard deviation is zero point three nine seven. The peak average is zero point six five eight. The peak standard deviation is zero point zero nine two eight. The rotational speed is eight hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Normal class.
The rms average is zero point one three five. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero zero nine two. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point one four four two. The kurtosis average is one point nine three eight seven. The kurtosis standard deviation is two point four four one. The peak average is zero point eight two nine eight. The peak standard deviation is zero point three four nine seven. The rotational speed is eight hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Normal class.
The rms average is zero point one three eight two. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero one five. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point one five three two. The kurtosis average is seven point nine zero four. The kurtosis standard deviation is fifteen point one seven five three. The peak average is zero point nine seven nine six. The peak standard deviation is zero point seven three three seven. The rotational speed is eight hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Normal class.
The rms average is zero point one three seven five. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero zero eight six. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point one four six one. The kurtosis average is two point seven four zero two. The kurtosis standard deviation is two point eight seven three four. The peak average is zero point eight nine six six. The peak standard deviation is zero point three one three five. The rotational speed is eight hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Normal class.
The rms average is zero point one five seven five. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero three nine five. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point one nine seven. The kurtosis average is six point nine four nine three. The kurtosis standard deviation is thirteen point four four nine two. The peak average is one point one eight six five. The peak standard deviation is zero point nine nine nine four. The rotational speed is eight hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Normal class.
The rms average is zero point one four five seven. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero two eight two. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point one seven three nine. The kurtosis average is seven point zero four six four. The kurtosis standard deviation is thirteen point five eight three. The peak average is one point zero four eight nine. The peak standard deviation is zero point seven five six three. The rotational speed is eight hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Normal class.
The rms average is zero point one four six seven. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero one four eight. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point one six one five. The kurtosis average is nine point seven three eight three. The kurtosis standard deviation is twelve point two nine seven eight. The peak average is one point two zero eight seven. The peak standard deviation is zero point four eight eight eight. The rotational speed is eight hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Normal class.
The rms average is zero point one two nine one. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero zero two seven. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point one three one seven. The kurtosis average is zero point six seven three one. The kurtosis standard deviation is zero point four nine one nine. The peak average is zero point six nine five one. The peak standard deviation is zero point one two eight four. The rotational speed is eight hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Normal class.
The rms average is zero point one two seven seven. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero zero five two. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point one three three. The kurtosis average is zero point seven seven four one. The kurtosis standard deviation is zero point eight eight seven three. The peak average is zero point six seven seven one. The peak standard deviation is zero point two one three one. The rotational speed is eight hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Normal class.
The rms average is zero point one four two six. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero one one seven. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point one five four four. The kurtosis average is four point seven eight eight. The kurtosis standard deviation is six point two six nine one. The peak average is one point one one seven one. The peak standard deviation is zero point five zero six three. The rotational speed is eight hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Normal class.
The rms average is zero point one three five four. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero one three one. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point one four eight five. The kurtosis average is one point nine four one one. The kurtosis standard deviation is two point nine seven five four. The peak average is zero point eight zero seven one. The peak standard deviation is zero point three three four eight. The rotational speed is eight hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Normal class.
The rms average is zero point one three three three. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero zero five four. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point one three eight seven. The kurtosis average is one point one nine seven four. The kurtosis standard deviation is zero point nine nine two seven. The peak average is zero point seven seven seven two. The peak standard deviation is zero point one five two two. The rotational speed is eight hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Normal class.
The rms average is zero point one two four four. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero zero six four. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point one three zero nine. The kurtosis average is zero point zero one four nine. The kurtosis standard deviation is zero point one five five eight. The peak average is zero point five zero one nine. The peak standard deviation is zero point zero eight four nine. The rotational speed is eight hundred rpm. This sample belongs to the Normal class.
The rms average is zero point one eight nine eight. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero zero nine. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point one nine eight eight. The kurtosis average is one point two four nine seven. The kurtosis standard deviation is one point five three five seven. The peak average is one point zero three nine one. The peak standard deviation is zero point three two four six. The rotational speed is one thousand rpm. This sample belongs to the Normal class.
The rms average is zero point one nine seven seven. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero one eight eight. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point two one six five. The kurtosis average is three point nine zero four seven. The kurtosis standard deviation is three point six three six eight. The peak average is one point four zero seven two. The peak standard deviation is zero point five seven nine six. The rotational speed is one thousand rpm. This sample belongs to the Normal class.
The rms average is zero point one eight eight three. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero one five six. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point two zero three nine. The kurtosis average is zero point eight one eight nine. The kurtosis standard deviation is zero point eight nine zero three. The peak average is zero point nine three six four. The peak standard deviation is zero point two two five two. The rotational speed is one thousand rpm. This sample belongs to the Normal class.
The rms average is zero point two zero four six. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero two seven six. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point two three two two. The kurtosis average is five point zero eight six three. The kurtosis standard deviation is seven point seven three eight six. The peak average is one point three one eight. The peak standard deviation is zero point seven seven seven five. The rotational speed is one thousand rpm. This sample belongs to the Normal class.
The rms average is zero point one nine. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero one one six. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point two zero one six. The kurtosis average is one point two three four four. The kurtosis standard deviation is one point six nine one three. The peak average is one point zero five three one. The peak standard deviation is zero point four five nine five. The rotational speed is one thousand rpm. This sample belongs to the Normal class.
The rms average is zero point one eight four eight. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero zero seven three. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point one nine two one. The kurtosis average is zero point eight zero four nine. The kurtosis standard deviation is zero point eight nine. The peak average is one point zero one seven nine. The peak standard deviation is zero point three one seven seven. The rotational speed is one thousand rpm. This sample belongs to the Normal class.
The rms average is zero point one eight three seven. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero zero five nine. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point one eight nine five. The kurtosis average is zero point four six three six. The kurtosis standard deviation is zero point six three zero six. The peak average is zero point eight zero nine three. The peak standard deviation is zero point one seven eight five. The rotational speed is one thousand rpm. This sample belongs to the Normal class.
The rms average is zero point two zero two. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero two one seven. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point two two three seven. The kurtosis average is two point five nine five seven. The kurtosis standard deviation is three point three seven one nine. The peak average is one point two seven three four. The peak standard deviation is zero point five seven nine six. The rotational speed is one thousand rpm. This sample belongs to the Normal class.
The rms average is zero point two zero one nine. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero one six eight. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point two one eight seven. The kurtosis average is five point seven eight two three. The kurtosis standard deviation is nine point two two six six. The peak average is one point five three eight two. The peak standard deviation is zero point seven two seven three. The rotational speed is one thousand rpm. This sample belongs to the Normal class.
The rms average is zero point one eight nine five. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero one two two. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point two zero one six. The kurtosis average is one point four nine three five. The kurtosis standard deviation is two point six one four three. The peak average is zero point nine nine three three. The peak standard deviation is zero point three seven nine seven. The rotational speed is one thousand rpm. This sample belongs to the Normal class.
The rms average is zero point two zero three nine. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero one one seven. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point two one five six. The kurtosis average is one point two eight zero three. The kurtosis standard deviation is zero point seven eight six seven. The peak average is one point zero eight five one. The peak standard deviation is zero point one four eight. The rotational speed is one thousand rpm. This sample belongs to the Normal class.
The rms average is zero point one eight seven eight. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero zero nine one. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point one nine six nine. The kurtosis average is zero point six nine two two. The kurtosis standard deviation is zero point nine three four five. The peak average is zero point nine two six three. The peak standard deviation is zero point three one seven seven. The rotational speed is one thousand rpm. This sample belongs to the Normal class.
The rms average is zero point two zero eight eight. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero zero five seven. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point two one four five. The kurtosis average is four point seven three one nine. The kurtosis standard deviation is four point four eight eight. The peak average is one point five six six seven. The peak standard deviation is zero point five one one one. The rotational speed is one thousand rpm. This sample belongs to the Normal class.
The rms average is zero point two one eight. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero two nine eight. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point two four seven eight. The kurtosis average is seven point four eight zero four. The kurtosis standard deviation is eight point four two one. The peak average is one point six two five seven. The peak standard deviation is zero point eight zero two three. The rotational speed is one thousand rpm. This sample belongs to the Normal class.
The rms average is zero point one nine three nine. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero one zero two. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point two zero four one. The kurtosis average is one point three seven four one. The kurtosis standard deviation is one point one nine four six. The peak average is one point one one one eight. The peak standard deviation is zero point three zero four two. The rotational speed is one thousand rpm. This sample belongs to the Normal class.
The rms average is zero point one eight six five. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero zero eight six. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point one nine five one. The kurtosis average is zero point nine seven nine one. The kurtosis standard deviation is zero point eight seven six seven. The peak average is zero point nine three five nine. The peak standard deviation is zero point one seven seven six. The rotational speed is one thousand rpm. This sample belongs to the Normal class.
The rms average is zero point one eight seven four. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero one four one. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point two zero one five. The kurtosis average is zero point eight nine zero three. The kurtosis standard deviation is one point zero five one seven. The peak average is one point zero zero eight two. The peak standard deviation is zero point three zero two three. The rotational speed is one thousand rpm. This sample belongs to the Normal class.
The rms average is zero point two zero zero six. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero two two three. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point two two two nine. The kurtosis average is two point five nine five eight. The kurtosis standard deviation is three point eight four nine seven. The peak average is one point two five one three. The peak standard deviation is zero point five seven one seven. The rotational speed is one thousand rpm. This sample belongs to the Normal class.
The rms average is zero point one seven eight eight. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero zero nine one. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point one eight seven nine. The kurtosis average is zero point six eight one two. The kurtosis standard deviation is one point zero seven five two. The peak average is zero point nine three four four. The peak standard deviation is zero point three one. The rotational speed is one thousand rpm. This sample belongs to the Normal class.
The rms average is zero point two three zero nine. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero four two nine. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point two seven three seven. The kurtosis average is thirteen point eight six zero nine. The kurtosis standard deviation is ten point four seven nine four. The peak average is two point one six nine nine. The peak standard deviation is zero point eight four zero eight. The rotational speed is one thousand rpm. This sample belongs to the Normal class.
The rms average is zero point two zero four two. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero one five one. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point two one nine three. The kurtosis average is six point four two six eight. The kurtosis standard deviation is seven point three three nine eight. The peak average is one point four nine four five. The peak standard deviation is zero point six one nine nine. The rotational speed is one thousand rpm. This sample belongs to the Normal class.
The rms average is zero point two four three eight. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero eight nine eight. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point three three three six. The kurtosis average is four point four four six. The kurtosis standard deviation is five point nine one eight nine. The peak average is one point five six nine three. The peak standard deviation is zero point seven nine one four. The rotational speed is one thousand rpm. This sample belongs to the Normal class.
The rms average is zero point one nine six seven. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero zero eight nine. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point two zero five six. The kurtosis average is two point seven one one two. The kurtosis standard deviation is two point five five six three. The peak average is one point three eight zero eight. The peak standard deviation is zero point five five nine seven. The rotational speed is one thousand rpm. This sample belongs to the Normal class.
The rms average is zero point two zero five nine. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero two seven three. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point two three three two. The kurtosis average is five point eight eight two nine. The kurtosis standard deviation is five point two five one nine. The peak average is one point five nine three five. The peak standard deviation is zero point seven nine seven. The rotational speed is one thousand rpm. This sample belongs to the Normal class.
The rms average is zero point two zero five. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero two seven three. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point two three two three. The kurtosis average is six point six eight zero six. The kurtosis standard deviation is twelve point zero nine five nine. The peak average is one point three nine seven seven. The peak standard deviation is zero point seven three seven six. The rotational speed is one thousand rpm. This sample belongs to the Normal class.
The rms average is zero point one nine four two. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero one six six. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point two one zero nine. The kurtosis average is two point one seven four one. The kurtosis standard deviation is two point four five three. The peak average is one point two nine three six. The peak standard deviation is zero point four seven one six. The rotational speed is one thousand rpm. This sample belongs to the Normal class.
The rms average is zero point one nine five one. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero one two five. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point two zero seven five. The kurtosis average is zero point seven seven six one. The kurtosis standard deviation is zero point seven six four five. The peak average is zero point nine three four six. The peak standard deviation is zero point two two six seven. The rotational speed is one thousand rpm. This sample belongs to the Normal class.
The rms average is zero point one nine six eight. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero two six five. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point two two three three. The kurtosis average is three point zero four eight two. The kurtosis standard deviation is five point six four five seven. The peak average is one point one nine six four. The peak standard deviation is zero point six eight three seven. The rotational speed is one thousand rpm. This sample belongs to the Normal class.
The rms average is zero point two two four seven. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero three seven four. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point two six two one. The kurtosis average is eight point two seven seven. The kurtosis standard deviation is nine point eight zero seven three. The peak average is one point seven five eight six. The peak standard deviation is zero point eight two five. The rotational speed is one thousand rpm. This sample belongs to the Normal class.
The rms average is zero point one eight five four. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero one one four. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point one nine six nine. The kurtosis average is one point seven one one two. The kurtosis standard deviation is two point two six six four. The peak average is one point two zero one six. The peak standard deviation is zero point four seven eight. The rotational speed is one thousand rpm. This sample belongs to the Normal class.
The rms average is zero point two zero six nine. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero two eight six. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point two three five five. The kurtosis average is five point zero two zero three. The kurtosis standard deviation is seven point zero eight two five. The peak average is one point five seven four two. The peak standard deviation is zero point five nine eight two. The rotational speed is one thousand rpm. This sample belongs to the Normal class.
The rms average is zero point one eight six four. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero one one five. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point one nine seven nine. The kurtosis average is one point four seven two four. The kurtosis standard deviation is one point three six. The peak average is one point one nine four. The peak standard deviation is zero point three four eight eight. The rotational speed is one thousand rpm. This sample belongs to the Normal class.
The rms average is zero point one nine four six. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero one eight two. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point two one two eight. The kurtosis average is six point zero one three five. The kurtosis standard deviation is eight point zero zero four. The peak average is one point three six four one. The peak standard deviation is zero point eight five zero one. The rotational speed is one thousand rpm. This sample belongs to the Normal class.
The rms average is zero point two zero three. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero two one seven. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point two two four seven. The kurtosis average is one point eight zero one seven. The kurtosis standard deviation is one point one six two six. The peak average is one point one three one six. The peak standard deviation is zero point three three one four. The rotational speed is one thousand rpm. This sample belongs to the Normal class.
The rms average is zero point one eight one seven. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero zero seven six. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point one eight nine four. The kurtosis average is zero point four five four six. The kurtosis standard deviation is zero point five seven two five. The peak average is zero point eight six five six. The peak standard deviation is zero point one nine five two. The rotational speed is one thousand rpm. This sample belongs to the Normal class.
The rms average is zero point one eight six. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero zero eight four. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point one nine four four. The kurtosis average is one point two three three five. The kurtosis standard deviation is one point zero six eight. The peak average is one point zero zero six three. The peak standard deviation is zero point two six zero five. The rotational speed is one thousand rpm. This sample belongs to the Normal class.
The rms average is zero point one nine five. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero two two. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point two one seven. The kurtosis average is two point six two three three. The kurtosis standard deviation is three point one six zero three. The peak average is one point two five one three. The peak standard deviation is zero point six two nine nine. The rotational speed is one thousand rpm. This sample belongs to the Normal class.
The rms average is zero point one nine six two. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero two two five. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point two one eight seven. The kurtosis average is one point seven two three two. The kurtosis standard deviation is two point eight zero three four. The peak average is one point zero six three two. The peak standard deviation is zero point four three four eight. The rotational speed is one thousand rpm. This sample belongs to the Normal class.
The rms average is zero point one nine eight four. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero one six eight. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point two one five two. The kurtosis average is two point four nine eight six. The kurtosis standard deviation is three point three seven eight eight. The peak average is one point two zero eight eight. The peak standard deviation is zero point four one seven eight. The rotational speed is one thousand rpm. This sample belongs to the Normal class.
The rms average is zero point two one nine two. The rms standard deviation is zero point zero four one. The sum of rms average and rms standard deviation is zero point two six zero two. The kurtosis average is eight point five three eight. The kurtosis standard deviation is six point two one eight two. The peak average is one point nine four five six. The peak standard deviation is zero point seven two four three. The rotational speed is one thousand rpm. This sample belongs to the Normal class.